He put a sudden end to this career as a poet.
Mary didn't feel she could do what Tom was asking her to do.
Tom is completely sober.
I don't need any help from you.
I bought you something.
We need to ask them for help.
This is the house Tom used to live in.
I didn't think that you would do that.
It's a joy contributing to Tatoeba.
There is a watermelon on top of your head.
Thanks to a massive injection of post-riot funds, small, cheerfully painted apartment buildings have all but eclipsed peeling grim high-rises.
In those days, many people in this area didn't like Chinese people.
Did you not understand the question?
We've got our own way of doing things.
In these mountains, nature is at its best.
How much will it cost to get a dental cleaning?
This was why he entered the university.
Tom is afraid of his own son.
Study the drumming in "Black Magic Woman" by Santana.
He's a football player.
This office has tinted windows.
I don't think I'll cry.
I see a tree.
The Democrats lost seats in the House.
The waterfront is a beautiful area.
I jumped out of the way.
Which shirt do you like better, the red one or the blue one?
My mother said we look like sisters in all of our pics!
Introverts don't like being the center of attention.
What should we discuss?
We're hoping to build a warehouse here.
Janos kneaded the dough.
How did you know I was Canadian?
She was the one who demanded the divorce.
Why don't you just do it?
Last year Tom spent five days in jail, after having pleaded guilty to drunken driving.
Tom lives on the third floor of this apartment building.
Tom is actually all right.
Tom listens to nothing but punk rock.
I was all alone in Boston.
Watch out for foul balls.
Scientists believe that asteroids are the leftover building blocks of our solar system planets.
I didn't know Tom was going to tell us what to do.
I hope he likes my present.
You should be on your guard when doing business with strangers.
I'm assuming Tom won't do that.
You should grab your bag and hurry home.
The police are looking for you.
I know when I'm being deceived.
He had nowhere else to go.
I know why I should do that.
He has proven that he is not worth his salt.
Which one is your bag?
I should look at that.
This one's all yours.
Tom could be prejudiced, but I don't think he is.
Tom didn't wish to go any farther.
Can this conversation be gluten free?
Tom lost his tooth playing hockey.
Gabriel decided to fish until dark.
That question is extremely difficult.
Ziri and Rima entered the highway.
Tom hasn't spoken with anybody.
The law forbids the building of any skyscraper on this land.
We must always support our children.
They don't believe that they can do that.
Tom has to tell Mary not to do that.
I need to be somewhere tomorrow.
Ziri and Rima are hurt.
Sami obviously got the message.
She says she isn't afraid of ghosts.
He prides himself on his knowledge of politics.
You can't fire us.
Tom is always bothering me.
These issues aren't going to go away.
He accepted my present.
Act exactly as I said.
Algeria needs a more efficient form of government.
Oliver is flying a brown kite in the blue sky.
Tom doesn't usually eat meat.
Tom is very busy nowadays.
Carlos was in so much pain.
Tom paid his bill.
Please wake me up at seven tomorrow morning.
His career had faltered.
Joe Rogan is proof that doing psychedelics doesn't necessarily make you enlightened.
It's just started raining.
We got the job done on time.
That's where I want to live!
Tom said he's not sure whether Mary can swim.
We paid him four dollars.
No one has ever done anything like this before.
She called the hideous water-snakes her little chickens, and allowed them to crawl about on her unsightly bosom.
Poker is my favorite card game.
Bangladesh is the third-most populous Muslim-majority state in the world.
I cannot quite understand it.
Glass piles up waiting to be melted near the workshop, where there is also a shop selling glassware.
I don't want to stain my hands with blood.
Sami got drunk on his birthday.
Medlar trees are native to the Caucasus.
Have you two ever kissed?
Tom wasn't able to get into the university he wanted to go to.
He was tired of the same old hiking trail.
He has a Berber nickname.
Choosing multiple New Year's resolutions, I increased the probability of failing them all.
Please tell us what we have to do.
It seems Tom and Mary ran off together.
Something emerged from the fog.
Tom said that I looked foolish.
Tom is looking for an easy way to lose weight.
Who we think we are can shape our paths.
My mother often got angry with us.
Tom said he didn't know what he was supposed to do.
I can't believe Tom is really planning on doing this.
He began to tear down the shelter.
It belonged to my neighbour. He won't get it back.
Maybe you won't believe me.
Tom has been a bachelor his whole life.
You can invite any person you like.
Ziri doesn't want cookies.
They blamed him for the accident.
I know that Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she needs to do that.
John and Jessica were communicating the whole time.
I'm sure you know what you're doing.
I saw them when they opened for Tom Jackson and the Boston Canadians.
Where did she learn Thai?
Tom is a wise man.
These dishes aren't clean.
Ziri created a beautiful painting of him sitting by the pond.
You don't intend to do that, do you?
He looked at the principal in shock.
Wait in the car, OK?
I don't intend to do that here.
Tom bought some lipstick for Mary.
I hope Tom and Mary do that for us.
Tom and Mary told me they were finished.
I'll try to explain it to you to the best of my ability.
You'd better be more careful.
They opened a case of bottled water for the event.
They both work in a bank.
She stayed away from those guys.
Even Tom was doing that.
Your hair is like a herd of goats, spreading over the slopes of Mount Gilead.
I doubt if Tom and Mary have the ability to do that.
Why don't we go by cab?
Tom broke the record.
Tom made a very big mistake.
She is good at swimming.
With Yanni, it's gonna be his way or no way.
I wasn't expecting a show.
Berber is our mother language.
She can drive a car.
I didn't know that I shouldn't do that.
Tom doesn't need to know where Mary is going.
Ziri's company builds luxury apartments in Algeria.
They told me about their dogs.
Why do you think Tom would do something like that?
Priests don't have wives.
Ziri came to school on a train.
Could you turn off the radio, please?
Tom must have been astonished.
Tom said that he didn't want to pay that much for a used car.
I'm in the rear car.
You think that she is beautiful probably because your hair is brown. Her hair is black.
Adoption by homophobes is child abuse.
And when her time was come to be delivered, behold twins were found in her womb.
Ziri is a drama student.
Does your work interest you?
I assumed that Tom wouldn't win.
James was holding Amanda at gunpoint, forcing her to sign some documents.
I usually go to work by car.
That does not accord with his statement.
Mary cleaned her room this morning.
In the first year of her relationship with Fadil, Dania became pregnant.
Tom and Mary lied to John when they said they didn't know how to do that.
Insanity means doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
Mary was listening to music while learning some vocabulary.
His criticism is completely below the belt.
He said he was cold.
Sparrows are singing in the trees.
Tom said he knew that was what Mary wanted to do.
I thought you said that you wanted to know who Tom was planning to do that with.
Sami made a good decision.
A lot of things happened at that Target.
Gabriel tried to humiliate Rima.
Tom is a teacher's assistant.
Yanni pulled a knife on Skura.
He's eating an ice cream.
I poured myself another beer.
To travel is to change the scene of loneliness.
She told everybody she was lonely.
Tom is expecting Mary, isn't he?
That is why she didn't want to be with him any more.
He said that he felt repulsed.
Did Maria write this?
The secret to happiness and virtue is to love what must be done.
Why did Tom want to talk with Mary?
What's in that beach bag in your car boot?
Have you shown your parents your Berber test?
Mary asked me, "Where's Esperantoland?"
Tom said that he hasn't seen Mary for a long time.
I couldn't bear any more insults.
Dan was killed just two days before the trial began.
She told us that she'd cried.
I know you did that on purpose.
Do you know whether Tom lives here?
Tom and Mary don't realize what they need to do.
Tom is the only one who was able to do that.
Tom tried to kill somebody.
My parents objected to my going there alone.
Do you actually know what to do?
We may have a meeting tomorrow afternoon.
Two grams of pepper is enough.
I think that that'll settle it.
A master carpenter works with three apprentices.
They promised me that they'd come early.
Tom and Mary fight with each other all the time.
I hope you haven't forgotten about today's meeting.
If we had done that, we would have had fun.
The book is heavy.
After downing a beer, he had to discretely burp to relieve the pressure.
We will find Tom.
It doesn't go with the room at all, but I got it for free so it's all good!
Four generations of one family live in the house: grandparents, parents, children and grandchildren.
They said that they thought you'd win.
He has the ability to do it.
It is essential to get a good night's sleep.
Have you chosen a major yet?
Mary said she thought Tom was in his room reading a book.
Mary doesn't like Tom. However, he doesn't particularly care whether she likes him or not.
I'm writing a great love story in Berber.
Tom removed his contacts.
There's a lot of stuff in our lo mein.
Tom left for home.
People think completely differently when they're standing and when they're sitting.
Some days before the test, he put the wind up him properly.
Tom will be here in about three hours.
Yesterday, I went shopping.
Tom and Mary should've lied to John about where they'd been.
Smoking is a danger to your health.
Mennad and Baya are really close friends.
Where is the longest tunnel in Japan?
I think that although the transportation system in Japan is convenient, the cost of living there is not very low.
They haven't yet sold their houses.
I'm sorry, but I won't be able to come to class next week.
Tom is a corporate lobbyist.
She hasn't touched her food.
Mary told Tom that she was broke.
Don't say such a thing in her absence.
Her red dress made her stand out.
"They say she's a slut." "This is just trash talk."
Termites like to eat wood.
Are you willing to work on Saturday and Sunday this week?
Tom said he wanted to play tennis this morning.
You like to swim.
Michael went there religiously.
I'd like to have my own company someday.
I was never any good at dissecting, and I didn't like it, either.
Is Algeria's economy doing alright?
Is the LED on the router green or red?
Tom thinks Mary will be here in Australia all week.
I am a big-brained kind of person.
First we will have something to eat.
Benedito feels a deep sense of satisfaction when his goats are healthy and happy.
You're a better person than you think you are.
That seems somewhat dangerous.
Tom sometimes goes to Boston on business.
"Who is this?" "It's Tom."
What's the largest country in Africa?
Have you got any chewing gum?
I think that we should reduce the price.
I should act, yet fear inhibits me from doing so.
Boldi spent more and more time in the lodge under the stairs.
Why are Tom and Mary so grouchy today?
I don't have to be at the meeting this afternoon.
Tom got a box of cereal out of the cupboard and poured himself a bowlful.
Is Tom really a vegan?
Hamoud is Algeria's favorite soft drink.
To adopt a sentence, click on the white person icon.
Ziri went to the teacher and asked him to change his grades.
How's it going lately?
Tom was on the same plane as Mary was.
I immediately crawled into bed.
I haven't heard that story.
The neighbors all came out to help Yanni.
Tom was, of course, acquitted.
We struggle to live like everyone else.
Sami didn't really remember.
To find a solution is easier said than done.
I didn't know that you were going to let me do that.
I'll think about that tomorrow.
I know myself very well.
We detected a great fault in the system.
Tom probably hasn't forgotten how to do that.
Left alone, the boy didn't know what to do.
We've already resolved the matter.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows that she doesn't need to do that.
What a good teacher Mr Hirayama is!
He studied day and night in order to possibly become a lawyer.
John took advantage of Bill's weakness.
Who's the translator of these texts?
It's as if I were dreaming.
Have you changed Tom's mind?
He has made the baseball team.
There's someone behind her.
I think Tom is drinking either beer or wine, but I don't really know.
I didn't think we had enough food to feed everyone.
Obviously, Tom needs help.
They put their headphones on.
I have trouble talking about my feelings.
Tom thought Mary probably wouldn't cry.
This engine has passed all performance evaluations.
I'm used to traveling.
Tom has an orange tan.
Leonid is a man and Anna is a woman.
Kalman was tiptoeing towards Olivia.
You didn't know I no longer needed to do that, did you?
The economist anticipated a prolonged depression.
You'll get there in time, as long as you don't miss the train.
As he was seriously ill a doctor was called.
The crops were damaged by the flood.
This is absolutely pathetic.
Find ways to avoid toxic co-workers as much as possible.
How many times did you meet with him?
If you watch Wentworth, you have to suspend belief to enjoy it.
This so-called cure is not only useless, but is downright harmful and even dangerous.
I ride a motorcycle.
Tom didn't give it a thought.
Concrete takes time to dry.
Mary complains about her job a lot.
That diamond is not real.
The novelist talked to a large audience.
Tell Tom we plan to be there on time.
I do not need anybody.
Leon has heard the same thing numerous times.
I am extremely scared of spiders.
The American economy is in solid shape.
I held Tom's hand.
My nerves are on edge.
Do you know by any chance who wrote this novel?
Donald thought that would be the last time he would see Jessica.
You think I have to do that today, don't you?
I'm probably not the only one who knew how to do that.
Kalman quietly snuck out of the tent.
They said they know the rules.
The wise man learns from the mistakes of others.
Ken's team is likely to win.
If you don't ask, you'll never know.
The soldier was wearing a swastika armband.
I hope that we can finish doing this today.
I'm supposed to give a speech tonight.
I want to know if you've already done that.
Can you imagine living in such a small town?
Who knocked on the door?
My luggage was waiting for me.
Could you leave us alone?
Leave him alone, he's got a lot on his mind.
I was ready today.
Diego was clearly disturbed.
Tom has nowhere left to go.
Did Raskolnikov commit a justifiable homicide?
I thought you might be interested in this book.
I'm going to take this.
I've already talked to them.
I want Tom to do it.
He makes it a rule to write in his diary every day.
It's a black cat.
Oleg forced Rima to run after Walid.
She was standing between the boys.
I belong to a gym.
I don't get angry as quickly as I used to.
They said that they were overwhelmed.
There's a new one, alright.
Vacations are good for people who get tired during the year.
Nothing at all troubled Tom.
Oh yeah, I totally agree.
It might not happen right away, but it'll happen sooner or later.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary asked me to help them write the report.
Tom and Mary would stay if they could.
I need a Latin dictionary.
You like all vegetables except cabbage, don't you?
I think both Tom and Mary are ambidextrous.
I can go on.
Mennad scheduled an appointment for himself.
I forwarded the message I got from Tom to Mary.
I must be going home now.
I am tired of my monotonous life.
The pope kissed me.
I've decided to buy a vehicle.
Detective Dan Anderson was the only investigator to follow that lead.
She passed the entrance examination to the girl's high school.
There are people who get offended for taking everything literally.
Because of the time commitment required for this program, I wouldn't recommend enrolling while also taking summer classes.
We haven't known each other long.
I threw the shoes out the window.
I almost kissed Tom yesterday.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to go to Boston.
I wanna jump for joy.
I'm definitely going to miss you.
All human beings are members of one frame, since all, at first, from the same essence came.
I don't want him to think that I hate him.
I really didn't think much of it.
If Tom did not kill Mary, then who did?
Tom didn't seem to be worried.
Have you reached a decision?
I'm going to come back and help you this afternoon.
I wonder why Tom is so curious.
Claudio did five minutes of walking.
Tom will find another lawyer for you.
I don't think that Tom is blind.
The floor is so uneven that the quarter I dropped just rolled away.
Women are more likely than men to support trans rights and trans inclusion.
Tom said that he didn't understand what Mary said in French.
Tom does everything around here.
Tom and Mary are both in the hospital.
Her house is near the sea.
Are you still be obliged to do that?
Seattle has a very wet climate.
My phone needs to be recharged.
Ziri and Rima didn't hang out before that trip.
I've outgrown my need to sleep with a teddy bear.
If you have something you want to say, hurry up and say it!
Search every inch of this house.
A bus was blocking the bridge.
Where are you going for your honeymoon?
Human rights activists have achieved the cancellation of the deportation of Syrian refugees from Russia.
She brought this on herself.
The station is three kilometers away from here.
Tom is going to do that tomorrow for sure.
Tom and I wore each other's clothes.
He presented me with a bouquet of flowers.
Tom wondered why Mary's face was red.
What is said about it?
Explain what Jackson meant by this.
I decided that I'd do that.
Tom and Mary said they felt vulnerable.
Mary said she wouldn't be willing to do that for us.
Where's your Halloween spirit?
I immediately decided to turn off the light and go to sleep.
Tom says the banks can't be trusted. He keeps all his money in cash stuffed in his mattress.
Ziri didn't want Rima to judge him because of something his father had done.
This was pushing Layla to the breaking point.
It might be a long time before you see me again.
I was at the park all day.
Tom needs to take it easy.
Please find out when Tom plans on staying here with us.
Why are you learning Cantonese?
I didn't ask them to go there.
We hope this time it'll work.
It's the thought that counts.
Sami wanted to impress Layla.
Damiano was attacked by a crow inside the warehouse.
I wonder whether it'll really rain tomorrow.
Everyone I know speaks well of her.
Gargle with saltwater to relieve the pain of a sore throat.
He can't remember the last time he had a home-cooked meal.
We mix with the good, not with the bad.
Tom is too drunk to do that, isn't he?
Tom has been known for stealing pens.
Stefan offered to teach Rima swimming.
Tom likes talking about Mary.
Tom advised Mary not to waste her time trying to persuade John to do that.
There weren't many spectators at the game because of the rain.
Tom won't do that, either.
A great many people were opposed to gene therapy in terms of ethics.
We are acquainted with his family.
Tom said that Mary should be more patient.
How did Tom know that Mary would be in Australia?
I don't think Tom and Mary will need to do that.
If I had a million dollars, I would give most of it away and retire.
Tom doesn't live very far from downtown.
Ziri was ready to stand up for Rima if Walid made fun of her.
Tom thinks that he's Mary's boyfriend, but Mary thinks he's just a friend.
Tom hit the nail on the head.
I don't yet know how much money Tom will give me.
Tom can't eat this.
Tom was never very interested in that.
If it rains tomorrow, will you stay at home?
I wonder if Tom is still funny.
Won't there be a next time?
He looked at his compass.
The windshield bullseye is right here.
The farmer seeded the field with wheat.
What kind of adapter do you need?
I go along gently.
It's hot today, so we can swim in the ocean.
Are you dating anyone?
It's not that high off the ground.
I'm less active than my brother.
Kanji are difficult to read.
Rodrigo was punished for no reason.
Won't you talk about it?
Zaturoski handcrafted every single detail of the model.
Mary has done that, hasn't she?
It is true he is rich, but he is a miser.
He inherited the house.
Mary told me that she had to split.
You can't buy it in Australia.
Our children want to visit the zoo today.
Each person is a world.
What's your favorite day?
There's a mistake in the bill.
Who's that woman talking to Tom?
I visited Boston last month.
What's your favourite dessert?
Tom says he never taught French.
Hang up your coat, please.
Tom said Mary walked home.
Sami forgot his gift card at the office.
He's mad at you for lying to him.
I hope Tom isn't slow.
Rima and Skura sounded insane.
Only one thing worries me.
Only twenty people will come to the party at best.
If problems come up, call me.
Why have you brought the child here?
What that man's done is an outrage.
I'll never leave Australia.
Humans are strange animals.
Tom received a telegram.
Tom invited Mary to take a stroll in the garden.
You can't pick who you fall in love with.
Tom was very attentive.
She had the wrong number.
English is not an easy language.
I missed a golden opportunity.
Sami had Layla drop him off at his cousin's house.
When does your plane take off?
He never fails to write to his mother every week.
He attracts girls like a magnet.
Sami sat on the floor.
At most, I have three thousand yen.
This is the house speciality.
"Is that true?" "Obviously. I never lie."
Do you think you'd be able to do that before lunch?
Sami's alibi was confirmed.
People waste the most time trying to save time.
Tom didn't have to go back to Australia.
She was making tea.
I don't think Tom and Mary are being reasonable.
Tom has never asked me for advice.
Why would Tom and Mary do that?
I don't like milk at all.
Due to the worsening weather, the departure was delayed.
Does your sister know how to play the piano?
Are you still going to vote for Tom Jackson?
I understand what you mean now.
Tom left the table without finishing his meal.
It's easy to see why people hate Tom.
Tom and Mary said they aren't having any fun.
A kid needs his mother.
Sami's room is super echoing.
This poem was originally written in French.
Do you accept credit cards?
Don't stay in the sun too long.
Sami can give you tips.
Daniel was listening to Amanda and trying not to cry.
We are carding the wool.
Do you have your keys?
They told me that they didn't want to go with us.
What is significant in this argument is that his theory can identify those phenomena.
Tom looks depressed and frustrated.
Tom never complained about anything.
They rarely talk about their work.
It is I who am head of this family.
How to react when someone insults your religion?
Tom was wearing a blue swimsuit.
I like it when Tom and Mary do that.
She needs to eat a little.
I'm not much of an athlete.
Don't you think that this is risky?
What were you doing, Tom?
I know you're a murderer, you've been convicted of two murders.
Did you ask Tom why he was leaving?
Sami went to the mosque every day.
Sami let Layla talk.
Elias stole the costume of the drama club for Sandra.
I like Hokkaido a lot.
Sami dehumanized his victims.
I hope Tom doesn't miss his flight.
She left him in peace.
How important is marriage to you?
Mennad was freed from his father's heavy hand.
Tom hasn't yet made a decision.
In very broken Berber, he said something along the lines of: "We don't need your help anymore."
I know that Tom isn't a very good clarinetist.
Why do you still have this?
I'm finally done working.
It was hard for Tom.
Can you fix my banjo?
They're cleaning their rooms.
Tom isn't going to let Mary do that.
He is not going to explain it to them.
Do you think I went too far?
Do you think Tom has a chance of winning?
Where's the rest of your family?
Is it true that you can't swim?
Tom and Mary both know John.
We don't want to miss my dad's birthday this year.
The most laudable way of acquiring books is by writing them yourself.
She said she was married.
Mary said that she's sympathetic.
Tom's dog couldn't stop vomiting after eating one of Mary's experimental omelettes.
Sami spent so much time in that house.
Tom wants to help out.
Tom denied being Mary's son.
It was very tense.
I was moved to pity.
There's nothing funny going on.
Tom doesn't like playing basketball.
We are on our way to Kimmirut.
I wish I hadn't told Tom about what I'd done.
It's unlikely she's as stupid as you think.
I want to try a hijab.
I don't know any of Tom's friends.
Tom helped me prepare for the exam.
My heart's beating very fast.
Sami is in an entirely different country.
Yanni is so sad.
Tom is going to be OK now.
He was out of reach.
I'm taking him to the park.
She said that she was sick.
I feel like a dinosaur.
Tom kicked Mary under the table.
Only women may apply.
I got a scented candle gift from my mother.
He won the fight by a knockout.
Tom was caught on camera stealing from the cash register.
Try to think like your customers.
Your pet is planning to eat you.
Does she need money?
Did you tell Tom how good it was?
Sami was dancing on the dance floor.
Mary didn't seem like herself today.
We need to be more reasonable.
Today he cut his finger, therefore he cannot play the piano very well.
J.F. Kennedy was buried in Arlington Cemetery.
I hope I don't say anything stupid.
I just cleaned the bathroom.
I'm watching a documentary.
I don't think that I need to lose weight.
Tom thinks that Mary wasn't hungry.
It was a memorable evening.
The internal oblique muscle is located beneath the external oblique muscle in the abdominal region of the body.
Do you have them in blue?
You can believe whatever you wanna believe.
This is the plate that Tom ate off of.
That'd make you crazier than Tom.
Sami was so excited to see Layla.
So they were not able to dream.
Well, we have time, so do you want to drop by my room for a bit?
I'm still at Tom's place.
Tom likes to listen to old radio programs.
So if he's the dad, does that make me the mom?
I've always admired you.
Isn't that against the law?
We're looking for work.
It is a wonderful ring!
I'll ask around and see if I can find any other information.
All Tom talks about is videogames.
I've forgotten how to get to Tom's house.
He studied a few years.
I apologize for talking to you like that.
Tom is now in custody.
What's in this box could be worth a fortune.
Tom would like something cold to drink.
Tom didn't need to move.
Sami was super nice and friendly.
I was surprised that I didn't have to do the same things that you had to do.
Can you get more figs?
She was kind enough to help us.
Tom really wanted to study French.
You did it, didn't you?
This is the only thing that Tom ever bought me.
I can't believe that that just worked.
I hope to see you in the not-too-distant future.
That's the best part.
Tom did better than we expected.
When did Tom swim?
There were shackles around Tom's ankles.
We are a way for the cosmos to know itself.
Tom and Mary make mistakes every time they speak French.
Tom is very likely to be busy right now.
I'm looking for a certain old woman.
Ziri asked Rima for help.
Come on, we're almost there.
I've told Tom why Mary needs to do that.
I don't know everybody in this school.
Don't you see how irresponsible that is?
When a child, I used to go fishing with him.
This cake tastes too sweet for me.
Would you mind changing the channel?
I like to have a deep conversation with a more academic person from time to time.
Would you wipe the table for me?
He is always vague about his intentions.
You need to leave before Tom gets back.
These towels are very efficient.
The arena can be converted quickly from athletic events to concerts, to theater performances.
Tom wants to learn how to tango.
You can't imagine how busy I was.
Happy are the people who believe in God.
I know where we can get something to eat.
People here love you.
French is a very useful language to know.
Tom is trying not to do that.
Zero, ten, one hundred, one thousand, one million, one billion.
I admire the view of the entire city atop the Ferris wheel.
Someone stole my sandwich.
They thought they were alone.
Tom might've been a teacher.
Our situation should improve in the near future.
Tom is desperate to lose weight.
Are you still on vacation?
I'll say some words about this in a few moments.
It seems we have a little problem.
How long will Algeria be able to maintain social harmony?
We aren't in any danger, are we?
You won't need to do that today.
I didn’t expect us to be in this situation again.
I don't think that this makes much sense.
She decided not to call the police.
I'm almost sure of it.
It's the first time that that's happened to me.
I want to try horseback riding.
Tom wants to sell his land.
That only makes the problem worse.
I didn't ask Mary where she'd gone.
Love one another, as I have loved you.
Where is there a good course for Guarani?
I've locked my keys in my car.
I have to be at a singing audition tomorrow.
I want to leave this box here.
"Am I boring you, Mr Amzil?" "Oh no, I find your speech fascinating."
It would've been expensive to do that.
That's all there was.
I dropped a fork.
"Are you in Algeria?" "Yes." "What town?"
What time do you eat dinner back in Algeria?
I heard you whistling. You must be happy.
All that comes from the earth returns to the earth, and what comes from the water returns to the sea.
Where can I get a ticket?
Mennad and Baya left the house at six.
I haven't apologized yet.
Talk like that isn't constructive.
Tom examined the contents of the box.
Let's not forget that Tom and Mary don't understand French.
Children filled the room.
She studies as hard as any student in her class.
I think I discovered something.
You two are brothers, right?
Mennad wanted to make Baya leave.
Therapy could help Vladimir.
We don't need to make that decision now.
The ceremony took place in the afternoon.
They said that they hope you won't do that.
Algeria should fight the coronavirus with unified strength.
What else do you like?
Tom didn't have to go to school.
He is not ready to do his job.
I didn't feel like I was treated well there. That's why I came here.
What if the scheme doesn't work out?
She knows that she was wrong.
Can I have another one?
In the Netherlands, Islamophobia is very real.
What do you think of your new roommate?
Early hunter-gatherers had a hard time finding carbohydrates in the wild.
Tom wouldn't tell me his plans.
Do your parents live in Germany?
Apart from the Karaites, every Jew is a Pharisee.
The sheep were sheared and their wool was collected to be made into yarn.
A farmers' market occurs on the first and third Wednesday of each month.
William was one of the students with the lowest grades.
Literally, only a minute later, the principal walked in.
I knew you liked him.
Bukhara and Samarkand are among the oldest cities in Central Asia.
Maria was about a hundred years old.
Your wish is granted.
I don't think we have any choice but to do that.
Tom won't be able keep up with us.
Do Tom and Mary still speak French better than John?
I also don't think that that's going to happen.
Tom doesn't think Mary is finished doing that yet.
Tom never trusts anyone.
Martha stepped outside in her dazzling Shawi dress.
Tom is conscientious, but Mary isn't.
If you want something, do whatever you need to do to get your hands on it.
There have been successes.
You can leave if you want to.
There is no smoking here.
Jonas headed back to the station.
Tom should be in his office.
Yanni reached a paved road.
What if you ran a lighter under it?
I went to Catholic schools.
Tom closed his diary after writing about that day's events.
That was my first thought.
I have a chance of being cured.
Where is he going to be sitting?
He said he would quit doing that.
What is the thickness of that novel?
That was my first memory.
Bill has the makings of an excellent scientist.
Tom told me he wasn't sleepy yet.
Would you be so kind as to turn the light on?
Tom forgot his suitcase inside the train.
We need to extinguish that fire.
Algerian oil industry requires lots and lots of investments.
Tom came running down the path.
Tom said that he's furious.
Tom said that Mary always eats oatmeal for breakfast.
It is more likely that Tom will lose than win.
I thought that Tom would ask Mary to marry him.
Please tell me what you've learned about that.
How are Tom and Mary going to find out?
Tom seems to be secretive.
We want to take the next step.
We already have a buyer.
They made a fire so as to warm up.
I've heard enough already. Please leave.
With that, Ziri walked out.
I heard that there was a strange virus in circulation.
Tom never knew about that.
This is sheer madness.
She slapped me on the shoulder.
The doctor rescheduled the surgery for a month later.
Tom is never rude to me.
Ziri found a bouquet of daisies on his doorstep.
I just saw your text.
Don't look so downcast, Tom.
Christmas has come and gone once more.
If you'd just write to your dad, he'd be a lot less worried.
Take it, use it as you like, but do not abuse it.
Fortunately, I've got you to talk to.
The boy rolled downstairs.
Do you know Tom's sisters?
Ziri is taking all the fun in the office.
Ziri had to come up with ways to cheer Rima up.
What are humans doing!!
Stop being fussy and eat what's on your plate!
Strange that they knew nothing about it.
Animals are not lifeless objects.
I wonder why Tom didn't do what he said he was going to do.
I didn't know you watched those kinds of movies.
All Japan is excited.
You look like you're not enjoying yourself.
We left the cinema before the film had ended.
What do you recommend?
Do you still think that's going to be easy?
I will try to answer it.
Tom has been stabbed several times.
Mary said she wanted to go to the zoo.
Tom kept his end of the bargain.
Are they going to close schools?
It was tough, but worth every drop of sweat.
Mary is a proud warrior.
My best friend is a book.
I know that I've met that man before, but I can't remember his name.
Tom was very surprised.
Tom needs to come back to Boston.
This won't be easy.
I'm trying to make the best of a bad situation.
I have four people in my family.
I didn't want to testify.
How many people are likely to be at your party?
Even though I have a sweet tooth, this cake is too sweet for me.
Tom would look better if he trimmed his beard.
Pablo comes from some banana republic of a country.
That's a strange sentence.
That's not the main reason why Tom didn't want to do that.
It would've been better if Tom hadn't married Mary.
Tom seems to be having trouble speaking.
We enjoy fresh corn in the summer.
Tom tossed and turned all night.
What you're about to learn just might shock you.
He spent the whole morning with her.
I'm as busy as ever.
The Soviet tanks chased the German trucks.
He had a second helping of soup.
Nothing is more valuable than time.
I'm going to have to do that tomorrow.
I don't think Tom knows how many hours he's going to have to wait.
You should cut up your meat before you eat it.
Wait until you get to know him well and you'll realise.
Tom said something crude about the way Mary was dressed.
Even though I spoke in French, they didn't understand me.
Tom and Mary look like they don't know what to do.
Tom tried to poison Mary.
It's just round the corner.
Which would you rather do, eat at home or go out to eat?
He is a good Berber teacher.
She hasn't got to do it herself.
Now listen up. I'm only going to say this once.
There are still twenty more minutes before two o'clock.
I ran to the station not to miss the train.
I have to deal with them.
We're going to buy some books.
What kind of books do you usually read?
Keep left at the next traffic lights.
I cannot help laughing at him.
A danger foreseen is a danger avoided.
Ziri sat on the bed.
We've postponed our concert until next month.
Tom didn't know we were the ones who did that for him.
Tom and Mary say they aren't worried.
You've told me that joke before.
I didn't realize I shouldn't have tried doing that.
They said they were worried about me.
Don't you ever do that!
Be sure to come to me by five o'clock.
The municipality has recently imposed an overtaking ban for this road.
Tom became an alcoholic.
Mankind will succeed in using nuclear energy peacefully.
I told Tom that I thought Mary was in Australia, but he said he thought Mary was in New Zealand.
Let me show you a picture of my wife.
Tom wants to learn how to play the trombone.
I met him on the stairs as I was coming up.
How persistent you are!
You didn't tell me you planned to wait until Monday.
Someone is waiting for me at home.
The soup begins to boil.
I plan to dump the garbage into the incinerator.
Thanks to Robert's tutoring, Sandra looks like a dutiful student now.
Tom usually only drinks one glass of wine, but yesterday he drank three.
I know exactly how it was.
Tom walked through the town.
Does anyone here know Tom Jackson?
Tom, I was just thinking about you.
I won't dispute that.
It will have stopped raining by the time he comes back.
That's it! I'm raising all taxes in Hyrule by fifty thousand rupees!
The dancers tripped lightly across the stage.
Terrible things happened here during the war.
Did I tell you I now teach at the high school near your house?
I have a return ticket to Osaka.
Tom is going to be arriving here soon from Australia.
I am learning Armenian.
Fyodor almost died on his trip.
She went on a journey a few days ago.
There's no doubt in my mind Tom will win the election.
The class I have the most homework in is English.
How much space do you need?
We had a typhoon yesterday.
Do you understand this question?
Tom has already finished the work that he needed to do.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might have to do that this week.
There are cinnamon trees around the castle fountain.
I knew that Tom would show you how to do that.
The person who planted the bomb hasn't been caught.
I like beef, pork and chicken.
Mary has a huge collection of dolls.
Parliament has been dissolved.
Tom killed the spider.
When it rains, I get depressed.
We were ordered away without any explanation.
He has just become a Muslim.
Many Turkish companies are investing in Algeria.
The realtor had custom drapes ordered for the house to make it look more appealing to prospective home buyers.
Tom asked for something.
She's his sister, not his mother.
I work at my friend's shop.
Mary said she didn't want to try doing that without some help.
I know that Tom doesn't know Mary doesn't want to do that.
She knows she's supposed to do that.
We took it home with us.
I wonder if Tom has really done that.
Tom was obviously surprised.
Go and help Tom.
The inside of the castle is very big.
Ziri did an interview.
And Mathusala lived a hundred and eighty-seven years, and begot Lamech.
As I reached the station, the express was just drawing in.
What a terrible film! It's really overrated in my view.
That was on a day that started like any other.
It doesn't work, does it?
I thought I was done.
I have to let off steam.
He said that he's Canadian.
We are proud of our Berber language.
Tom said he wouldn't win.
You can't replace Tom.
Ziri helped Rima lie down.
That's approximately the same thing.
Tom's room looks like a pigsty.
The cold wind is blowing from the sea.
Tom and I sometimes sing together.
Let's eat dinner before we do that.
When are you planning to come back?
There's no elevator in the house.
I often remember my happy childhood.
Only your information is true.
Tom used to enjoy doing that.
Rodrigo didn’t get enough money.
That's pretty much everything you need to know.
She knows that she can't be replaced.
Sami put his beer down.
I think you've had enough candy for one day.
I'm out of here. I'll see you at home.
Just what I needed.
It was not easy to find gold.
I wanted to contribute.
Eusociality developed independently multiple times.
Soccer is more popular in Japan than it used to be.
Did you like that joke?
He's being emotional and not even thinking straight anymore.
How much further is it to Tom's house?
Do you have antiseptic?
This organization lacks unity.
Let's pay them a visit.
Sami and Layla would flirt on Facebook.
Have both Tom and Mary already eaten?
The thief seized Mary's handbag and ran off.
Tom has at least as many books as do.
Tom had no idea Mary hated him so much.
She was not right.
I know what to do already.
Sami is too soft-spoken.
Tom didn't have to wait long in the waiting room.
Lorenzo lit up the firecrackers.
If you don't like your job, quit.
I'm installing security updates.
Ziri waited for a good forty minutes.
Ask Tom to help.
Does he have an alibi?
Bruno started making weird noises.
Tom will be doing that.
I'm afraid that we don't have the time.
Carlos is using study breaks to keep his mind fresh for the exam.
I always suspected Tom was a little paranoid.
We saw children getting on the bus.
He stared at her.
Tom has less money than his brother does.
James sent Amanda to a local school.
Does anybody know if the cafeteria is still open?
That wasn't what I was asked to do.
She went off with her friends.
I don't think that Tom would've allowed you to do that.
A serviceman inspected our furnace.
No, she doesn't understand.
Slovak beekeepers won six medals in an international conference in Argentina.
I don't remember much about Boston.
Headaches are a common health problem.
Tom tried not to show his fear.
What is for dinner today?
Neither Tom nor Mary has to do that.
I've been dying to see Tom.
Tatoeba: A super database of sentences and translations which I proudly work on.
Lazarus Zamenhof is Polish.
We saw Tom crying.
Tens of thousands of Sahrawis were forced to leave their country by the Moroccan forces.
This is a fully reusable rocket.
Gabor repaired the treehouse quickly.
My girlfriend doesn't like flowers.
He spat on her.
I looked around carefully.
The baby was in his birthday suit.
Did you threaten her?
Paul saw a room packed with people, dancing.
Pass me my glasses, please.
Most of us still wish that Tom would do that.
That's why Jayjay decided to steal that Shawi dress.
