Tom is a tax consultant.
For a long time!
This summer vacation, I went to the beach and climbed a mountain.
He used to like Berber.
Rain or shine, the opening ceremony is to begin at nine.
The history of Algeria is as interesting as its geography.
I think Tom needs a ride to the airport.
As soon as Tom saw Mary, he began to cry.
David wants to ruin Amanda's life.
Age brings both reflection and new beginnings.
Mennad saved my life.
I know that Tom and Mary are very talkative.
I think that Tom is getting more suspicious.
Tom is a yoga instructor.
How long did it take us to translate this book?
This has practical implications.
We don't have any more sausage.
I don't remember playing with friends after school.
I am not an American. I am a Canadian.
Can all of you understand French?
Have you ever been to Kyoto?
There's plenty of stuff left.
Yanni testified about that in court.
I completed the activities.
Mennad and Baya were in the conference room.
I've got to wait until Tom gets here.
Wine is not for children.
Tom thinks Mary is miserable.
I forgot to make my bed today.
They took off their raincoats.
I won't search you.
Whose serve is it?
Tom felt very sleepy.
This teacher is a fucking bitch.
Yanni and Skura were back in Algiers during the summer break.
Our club has three times as many members as yours.
Repetition is the mother of all learning.
I just got back to Australia today.
What were you guys doing while he was chopping wood?
Boris came to Algiers within the next few hours.
The rain falls and moistens the trees.
I hope Tom does the same thing.
I need to ask you one more favor.
Tom was a rugby player.
I was very much afraid in the airplane.
Tom is a police officer in Boston.
Dan didn't say anything about his past.
Sami went to trial for the murder of his wife.
I can't believe that Tom just left without saying anything.
Does Tom ever write letters in French?
These sweets are very bitter.
You say that it's easy for Congress to get anything done, but you don't realize just how divided they are.
Communicate clearly and effectively.
Mary said she wished she hadn't tried to do that by herself.
I'd like to have an early night tonight.
I let the cat in.
Sami and Layla were both in shock.
I trust you with it.
He said he writes his own speeches.
I know Tom is a very stingy person.
I made up my mind to study harder.
It's not so much his bragging as his posturing that bothers me.
Think about the consequences before engaging in online arguments.
I am hell-bent on making that right.
He underlines the important words in red so he can focus on the meaning.
I've also done the same thing several times myself.
When you need help, who do you usually go to?
Why exactly would you want to do that?
Ziri threw out all the food from the fridge.
She disappeared without speaking a single word.
Tom didn't expect to be fired.
Mary said she was told not to do that anymore.
Tom's coming round at the weekend. I'm really looking forward to it.
The dog is not in the garden.
We knew she had a life outside her family.
Do you know where to find her?
I don't want to tell you my phone number.
It was dark and I couldn't see what Tom was doing.
Nature is beautiful in spring.
The family moved here from the north.
I'd like to know where Tom hid his key.
Tom and I often went camping together when we were children.
I want a third choice.
Since you have a fever, you should stay home.
Don't worry about it anymore.
My eyes have a problem.
Tom isn't really good at French, is he?
I don't want you to spend money on me.
I want you to do the shopping today.
We're telling the truth.
He entered just as I was leaving.
You drank a lot of water.
The time has come for mankind to put an end to the madness and immorality of the arms race.
"Ow-ow-ouch." "Are you alright?"
Don't be so suspicious.
I hope that we get out of this alive.
They must miss their families.
I drank coffee with him.
Their annoyance is understandable.
The name Taliban means "students" in Pashto.
You've had your hair cut.
Can you locate this city on a map?
The Dutch, to protect their country, flooded it.
The vice president represented his country at the international conference.
You just called me old.
You need to open an account at a bank to receive the payment.
Yanni is a deranged individual.
I was too gobsmacked to say anything.
Tom said he thought you would do that.
This is just a ten minute walk.
He waved goodbye to us.
The health measures taken were completely ineffective.
I want to know how long you plan to stay here.
Tom and Mary aren't what they used to be.
The same family has ruled Brunei for over six centuries.
Maybe after the war, you and I could be friends.
Horses taught me humility.
I am not a real doctor.
The pass is valid for two weeks.
Can I have a toothbrush, please?
How long did it take you to finish writing this report?
Both admit to hitting each other.
Tom said that he'll look after me.
Skura is thinking about what happened.
Oleg liked to joke.
Do you speak dog?
I am doing the work.
Sami gave Layla money to buy cigarettes.
Tom wondered when the meeting would start.
I don't think that Tom can stop Mary from doing that.
Tom is very good at swimming.
What do you think is the right thing to do?
You ought to tell Tom not to do that again.
Does Tom really expect me to believe that?
Tell Mary she can't go to Tom's party.
The steps were coming in louder and faster.
Think what you want.
This building was designed in accordance with the most rigorous environmental standards.
Why aren't you friends with Tom?
Tom has been here for just over three years.
I promised myself, that I never gonna talk to him again.
This morning I was up very early.
She's living in Boston now, isn't she?
How does Tom tolerate it?
Are you ready to see other parts of Algeria?
Tom ushered Mary into his office.
I know that you're going to love this book.
Why is it necessary to resolve conflicts?
Ziri became an architect.
The dictionary that I bought was delivered to me this morning.
You will be better off buying a new one than trying to fix it.
Ziri has pruning shears.
The oyster creates pearls, the bee creates honey, and humans create problems.
We defeated our opponents in the last game.
I'm not here to arrest you.
Yanni was forced to leave school at a very young age.
Speak the prophecy: disaster comes soon!
Tom is a frivolous person.
What do you want from me, Ziri?
I've learned to expect the unexpected.
Algeria could be Africa's jewel.
I know that Tom is a weirdo.
The dog walked up to Tom and sniffed him.
I told Tom that Mary didn't need to do that.
I didn't know Tom didn't want to do that alone.
Do you know a way to download Youtube videos?
I don't think Tom would be here if he didn't need to be.
Everyone saw what happened.
Don't do anything hasty.
You old moron! What do you understand?!
Are you and Tom leaving together?
Tom said that Mary thought he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Ziri couldn't hold it back.
When did you become a Catholic?
Tom doesn't like sleeping in a hammock.
Tom threatened Mary with a pistol.
If I can get a book from the library, it saves me from having to buy it in the bookshop.
Tom is a big coward, isn't he?
Are there people who use it?
There was a yawning opening in the cave.
Have you fastened your seatbelt?
Have you met Tom's parents?
Has Tom finished his homework?
The eagles still haven't laid any eggs.
Mary didn't say when she was planning to leave.
They usually drum their fingers at red lights.
Stefan entered the park.
Tom made an omelette.
Tom is feeling woozy.
Esperanto helped me broaden my intellectual and cultural horizons.
Sami only hits me up when something is fucking wrong.
He is not my father but my uncle.
My mom is in the kitchen.
After that realisation, she swore off Facebook and all of its concomitant humbug.
Tom and Mary said they thought it wasn't the first time John had done that.
You have to wait in the queue.
I don't like where society is heading.
We can consolidate your savings accounts.
I didn't know Tom had three cats.
Mary has made up her mind to do what Tom asked her to do.
How do you travel to work?
Do you have any gluten free items on your menu?
What meat dishes do you have?
A Mr Miller wants to see you.
Tom was eating apricots.
I assumed because we're brothers I could trust you.
I am making spare parts in a car factory.
He always agrees with her.
Tom walked back into his office.
My parents wanted me to learn French.
You cannot depend on his support for your project.
She goes through the people.
He laid down his glasses and looked closely once more.
I think Tom would be scared.
He is about forty.
Which would you rather do, stay at home and watch TV or go out and see a movie?
One week ago, another one of my childhood heroes died.
We've seen what Tom can do.
He likes listening to the radio.
We're giving a dinner for Tom.
You must be right.
I do not believe in conservatism.
This economic crisis couldn't come at a worse time for Algeria.
It's obvious he's wrong.
No one will probably even notice that you're not there.
Are you still in there?
He entertained us with jokes all evening.
Can I treat you to a coffee?
Could you please tell Tom why you don't want to do that?
I figure that it'll take one or two days.
I don't think Tom and Mary are listening.
His name isn't Tom.
Rodrigo was speaking directly into Melissa's ear.
It doesn't sound too appealing.
We kissed last night.
Would it kill you to do a little work?
It is very easy to translate today. The machine is capable of doing wonders.
It is now possible for humans to go to the moon.
Tom isn't very good at keeping secrets.
"You slept with her!" "I did not."
I'll go to the toilet.
The extension siphoned off browsing history.
Tom has become more demanding.
When I last saw her, she looked tired.
Ask him when to get together next.
She's amiable to everybody.
I'm feeling depressed, too.
Ziri says that he even dreams in Berber.
Foxes have few natural predators.
Why are we going to the mosque?
We must consider these matters as a whole.
She told me that she needed our help.
These fields yield an abundant harvest.
I'm sure she would approve.
We can't help that.
Sami replied to Layla's e-mail.
Mike always remains calm.
They got expelled from Encinal.
That's what I hope.
Osman bargained with the man and gave the salesman ten liras.
Tom told me not to come.
Mary made a witty comment.
Put on a sweater then.
He named his guinea pigs Blondie, Thumper, and Candy.
He can speak both Japanese and English with facility.
Let's change the subject.
Layla was terminally ill with liver disease.
Tom asked me several questions that I couldn't answer.
Why don't I feel rested?
I was signing the documents.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not want to do that on Monday.
By daybreak we should be halfway through the mountains.
Mary has freckles and red hair.
You told me to give it to them.
In a family conversation, I was confused between a "metaverse" and a "multiverse."
Gunter started eating in the kitchen.
I watched TV after supper.
Memes are the key to internet culture.
His self-denial is admirable.
There is a hut at the back of our house.
She lost her patience and hit him.
The accident resulted from his carelessness.
Do you want these?
You can't establish a company without people.
I don't think Tom was annoyed.
Will Donald Trump be the next president of the United States?
Far from stopping, the storm became much more intense.
Tom and Mary said they need to borrow some money.
I used to pretend I was you.
Tom is very decisive.
He can't have written this; it's not his handwriting.
Mary liked the fact that Tom and John were fighting over her.
Paul sued the county.
Mary said that's what she wants to eat.
Some doctors recommend taking probiotics in order to restore the gut microbiome.
That would be impossible to do.
I did not tell Tom why he should not work until late.
She managed to get away.
Carlos was trying to have fun at the ball.
I know you're tired.
Tom said he thought Mary would be lonely.
I imagine that Tom will eventually find out that Mary has been talking behind his back.
I don't have to go-I want to go.
Tom isn't a credible witness.
Mary says she and Tom played chess yesterday morning.
He can't be older than me.
We walked from the station into town.
The weather in Boston today is great.
Tom plans on going as well.
Things were hard for Tom.
You only have to touch the button.
The plane that Tom was on was struck by lightning.
He's someone who has a special place in my heart.
The sound got so annoying.
I'm absolutely sickened by this.
I cannot deal with this problem without help.
She always conducted herself honorably and gracefully.
We could hear wolves howling at night.
He left hours ago.
The Saudi monarchy brooks little dissent.
You have been so dismissive to me.
I broke my leg while skiing.
You don't have to come to the meeting.
Ziri can't thank you enough.
What the hell are you on about?
Tom wasn't at all surprised by what happened.
Sami wasn't here last semester.
I didn't see the dog that attacked Tom.
He kicked you out of there.
Nursing is a female-dominated profession.
I heard a car backfire.
The US army attacked Basra and advanced towards Baghdad.
Why are you on this ship?
It was not easy to convince him.
Tom asked Mary to call the police.
Algeria isn't reliant on tourism.
The patient is hyperventilating.
I'm pretty sure I've never done that.
Antonio got promoted to a higher rank.
Put it on the wall.
Tom and Mary said that they were really satisfied.
I took it for granted that you would come.
Tom has never told anyone what happened that night.
Is it usually raining in this city?
He works at night, during the day he sleeps.
Aren't you my friend too?
I need a little sunshine.
She is wearing a white dress today.
No one pays attention to us.
Xiaoding and Xueyou are sitting there listening to Teacher Wang talk.
Carlos went back there anyways.
She couldn't accept the cruelties of life.
We just need to get used to this.
Tom is really concerned about Mary.
She likes to keep things to herself.
Please lend this book to me for a few days.
The garden is neglected.
Dad had been sick for four years prior to passing.
Sami inherited the money from his uncle.
The object of the journey was to visit Grandma.
Tom was drunk, so Mary drove him home.
We still can't do that.
William's girlfriend looked like a super model.
He was out of credit, too.
If I'm not working, my mind slowly dies out.
Tom picked up the broken glass and put it in a box.
I was curious about what that could be.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom will do that.
I don't think that would ever happen.
I know that you were the one who did that.
Tom looks like he's impressed.
Tom laced his sneakers.
I want to help, but I'm too busy right now.
Tom was involved in a minor accident.
I think about Tom all day.
He calls her every night.
How old were you when you stopped believing in Sinterklaas?
The knife is sharp. Be careful not to cut yourself.
My mother loves to eat cottage cheese.
Tom and Mary may do that anywhere they want.
We're from the same team.
I promise that I'll be back.
Why are you doing that now?
Tom gets drunk almost every evening.
Tom believed nothing bad could happen to him.
Tom told me he thought Mary was through doing that.
The election took place without incident.
Ziri is a selfish man.
The water pump was there.
Chadli found himself the head of a country that was going to experience major economic problems.
They love me and I love them.
They said they liked swimming.
Sami testified in court.
He got into the utility corridor.
How much are these sandals?
Sami didn't want to keep the letters in his car.
She didn't seem to enjoy talking with him.
The woman is trying the rice.
I wrote three chapters in two hours.
Tom told me he's been careless.
After receiving a numbered ticket at reception, I took a seat in a waiting room.
Tom wasn't in Boston when Mary died.
Tom is prepared to do that.
Tom got hurt skateboarding.
The little girls were just chanting something in Berber.
He is, I believe, a man of his word.
I'm majoring in French.
He'll be buried in Abidjan.
The business is back on an even keel.
Ziri and Rima should put their problems aside.
Do you like thunderstorms?
That problem naturally invited discussion.
When I saw all that, I could only shake my head in silent resignation.
Tom's van is parked in the driveway.
I think that's all, unless you have any questions.
Tom does what is asked of him.
Tom and I are both vegetarians.
Tom ate a couple of eggs for breakfast.
Mary told me that she's miserable here in Boston without Tom.
In Finland, there are more saunas than cars.
"It's a great evening, don't you think?" "It is, but it's so hot!"
Because I sleep too little, I feel sleepy throughout the day.
The date palm tree only produces dates.
Tom decided to leave early.
Tom was tired and cross.
Tom spends his summers trekking in the Rockies.
Often in the darkest of times, artists can be at their most transcendent.
Tom would be warm if he wore his new coat.
What did Tom throw into the water?
How long does it take you to take a shower?
There were footsteps out in the distance.
Sami is in a bar.
It suddenly began to snow.
Mr. Brown has four children.
Ziri loves his spouse.
I use an app to learn Berber.
Is there a public toilet in this building?
Tom and Mary look happier today than they did the last time I saw them.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary didn't want to do that.
We're going for a drink.
It isn't a quilt.
They'll be all right.
I need to make a few calls.
God shave the queen!
I'd like to talk to you about something else.
Mary said she I thought I should do that myself.
Mary tried to hold back her tears.
I cut you with a knife.
What is your favorite band?
Gustavo started taking off his clothes.
I think Tom and Mary are progressing.
We're not done with this.
Fadil crept up to Layla's house.
Coffee spilled on my shirt while drinking.
Tom knocked the knife out of Mary's hand.
I'm busy, so I can't go there.
Moral rules ought not to be such as to make instinctive happiness impossible.
These loquats taste amazing.
Tell me, do you play the violin?
He was running very fast.
Do you want us to leave the room?
Tom won't be able to do that anymore.
Mary often goes to Munich, since that's where her little brother lives.
It's really hard to explain.
I chose to wait.
Santiago performed body modification surgery on Rima.
Tom and Mary say that they like marigolds.
He decided to major in medicine in college.
Tom apologized to us.
Tom is going to be questioned.
Tom is an admin.
I remember almost none of this.
We are not going on summer vacation for the time being.
The doctor says I should eat a varied diet.
He masturbated in public.
Who is currently the richest person in the world?
The scent of stock flowers permeated the gazebo.
I don't have everything I want, but I want everything I have.
They're not just telling stories.
I didn't know why Tom left.
Close the door behind you, please.
My wants are few and simple.
That isn't the worst thing that happened.
All of us looked through the window.
It's obvious that Tom lied.
This research institute has a quantum computer.
Tom doesn't eat very much fruit.
She visits him more often, but never stays long.
Tom said that was no coincidence.
I went on a backpacking trip.
He fell down the stairs and hurt himself.
When you have a question, ask the teacher.
It was our first Yennayer in the apartment.
I'm Alan Tate, Terry Tate's son.
Sami asked a cop to drop him home.
At what age do most people retire?
Tom was beheaded during the last days of the war.
I admit I've done that.
Tom said he appreciated you being there.
Why are we dealing with Tom?
That doesn't mean Tom is satisfied.
Let's leave the room.
We had nice weather.
I can't work at all with all these useless calls coming in.
How many days comprise a leap year?
We'll be at home all day tomorrow.
Time moves like the river, always forward.
Tom doesn't have Mary's telephone number.
After Yanni's death, his family are still picking up the pieces.
If you are an ethnic writer, you have a burden of representation.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd never really intended to do that.
Tom looked really scared.
Why don't you have a try at convincing Tom?
I tried to help you.
I know sooner or later I'm going to have to do that.
Tom seems to know how.
Vladimir is under a lot of pressure.
Tom insisted on taking my picture.
His bag was stolen yesterday.
Tom told us he didn't want to do that.
I appreciate your concern.
Do you enjoy playing games?
I should try everything I can.
Both of us agreed with Tom.
Have you made any plans?
Dozens of people gathered before the station.
I'm considering adapting this play.
Tom thought that I was Mary's boyfriend.
Mennad created this position for Baya.
Are any of these boats for sale?
Of course I looked!
You must do whatever Tom tells you to do.
They increased the territory of the empire.
Tom and Mary are still waiting for John to do what they asked him to do.
There is no TV in my room.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be cooperative.
Tom has just returned from Boston.
I know that Tom didn't go to Boston.
Experts began questioning the project's viability.
Is the boy worthy of praise?
Tom told me a joke in French.
I knew that you had a horse.
At first, I thought the same thing.
We ordered pizza last night.
I thought that you were mad at me.
I think Tom looked happy.
Tom's hearing isn't very good.
I've considered that possibility.
We're concentrating on developing new products.
At several points during the game, I was thinking: how would AlphaZero have approached this?
In this country, it's normal for people to get drunk.
I hear that Tom might be coming to Australia.
It's more difficult for someone who speaks French to learn Russian than to learn Spanish.
Pocket dictionaries are out of fashion.
I'm looking for something to vent my anger on.
I saw something strange this morning.
Why would somebody hit her?
He browbeat her into accepting it.
You said you didn't want that.
Edward White II became the first American to walk in space.
Tom doesn't need to be told more than once to do something.
I wonder how many people will be there.
Tom ran after the dog.
He couldn't keep from crying.
When did Tom lose his notebook?
She invited the boy to her birthday party.
It doesn't sound too serious.
Tell me, why do you always talk about football?
Sami noticed that a man was looking at Layla.
And so he lived happily ever after.
Fyodor and Anna were confused and looked at each other, wondering what was happening.
She said she didn't wait very long.
Have you finished writing the report?
I intend to see Tom again.
I think Tom is clever enough to solve this problem.
Tom is sick, isn't he?
I won't go to Australia anymore.
Sami gave the CD to Layla.
Are the cleaning fee and tourism fee for the room already included in the listed daily rate?
She spoke to her uncle on the phone.
Tom got up from his stool.
I knew that Tom thought it would be a good idea to help Mary do that.
Tom and Mary could've done it by themselves.
I love listening to the radio before bed.
Mother is anxious about my future.
The concept of beauty is subjective.
Congratulations on your success.
This book has many chapters.
He left me in the lurch.
Drop in now and again.
Our bus collided with a lorry.
Tom was surprised that Mary recognized John after so many years.
Skura is a comic book villain.
"Do you have any questions?" "No, sir."
Tom should have been downstairs waiting, but he wasn't.
Is it interesting to do business in Algeria?
Are you still thinking of going to college?
Try the shoes on.
Where does your heart find rest?
Hey, asshole, watch where you're going!
Ziri kept telling us about that woman.
Our wedding plans have changed.
Tom is on the soccer team, isn't he?
Yanni has a defect in his eyes. One is green, the other is black.
No sooner had they arrived than it all began.
I knew that Tom wasn't as smart as Mary.
I just want to be by your side.
I can't let you do that.
The patrol car skidded to a stop.
I can't believe my luck.
Has Tom ever been a problem?
I'm not in love with anyone.
Algeria has a very low violence level.
Don't act so innocent with me. I know what you're up to.
They said they were finished doing that.
Mary will do that if you pay her to.
So far he has done very well at school.
I like the summer best.
I am not sure when he will be back.
It was hard to persuade him to cancel the trip.
I suppose I shouldn't be surprised.
I don't think that I can do that any better than you can.
He wasn't crazy about going to Algiers. She was the one who wanted to move there.
There are trains daily apart from Sundays.
Algiers is a metropolis with a population of three million and a half.
Canada produces high-quality wheat.
Tom really should've given Mary more money.
I received a scholarship.
Is there something we’re overlooking?
Mennad didn't know what to tell Baya.
You have definitely misdialed.
You'll help Tom and Mary do that if they ask you to, won't you?
Everyone's tired of Tom.
Mary is a very good-looking woman.
This is my wife.
I just didn't know what to say.
He showed up when we least expected it.
Sami whispered something to his friends.
Where is my guitar?
Never have I seen her before.
Your pen was under the table.
Igor drove to the nearest town for gas.
Sami was in the upstairs bedroom.
Maybe I'd better not tell Tom what we did.
I simply couldn't solve this problem.
That must be the city hall.
Look in the closet!
No one's going to find her.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was in his room.
Did you go skiing?
The place stinks of cigarette smoke.
Tom would never talk about what happened.
They come from the same city.
When the movie's over, we'll eat a wood-cooked margherita pizza.
Has Tom forgiven us?
Mary promised me that she'd do that for me.
No, but I play tennis.
He always troubles himself about minor things.
You can soak up the rays of the morning sun lying on your deckchair.
Sami and Layla already knew each other.
Karl was immediately treated.
Relax, we have time.
Don't take too much paracetamol!
Tom asked Mary what needed to be done.
They're practically identical; they differ only in colour.
How did you know that Tom was going to be there?
He's on his own.
I went sailing with Tom yesterday.
Tom is an excellent tennis player.
I didn't know how to deal with the situation.
The second term came to an end.
You can use this in your classroom.
Let's talk about that later.
The explorers began to suffer from a severe lack of food.
Aren't you inclined to learn Esperanto?
I want you to do your homework within an hour.
The law of a country must be followed.
Rima and Skura had to travel on a bus.
Could you help me up?
What's your favorite thing to do with your friends?
Show him who's boss!
I know that Tom didn't know I couldn't do that.
Locals know how to prepare for emergencies.
Wash your hands first.
I don't know how to milk a cow.
We're sorry for any inconvenience.
If you're happy, I'm happy.
We admired that man because he has lots of money.
I hear Tom is very busy.
Tom was raised Catholic.
Everyone here likes us.
Ziri saw a dark shape in the darkest corner of his room.
My approach is different.
What do you see there?
Why did Tom fail?
Yanni made Skura feel more lonely.
That's something really important that you shouldn't forget.
We had a picnic by the river.
Tom certainly seems to be more effective than Mary.
Did you not receive my letter?
I know that Tom is lying.
She's really stubborn, isn't she?
Seeing you smile makes me happy.
Children have always been amongst the most dedicated admirers of shiny, bright shop windows.
I'll give my book to you.
They can do it.
"Do you want a roommate?" "No, I prefer to live alone."
Tom seems to have been right.
Tom and Mary said that they probably wouldn't do that.
He carved marble into a statue.
Many people around the world don't have access to good quality water.
Tom went to a class reunion.
Tom told me I could learn a lot from you.
Tom and Mary finally managed to do what they were trying to do.
It was so noisy there that I couldn't make myself heard.
We tried doing that over and over again.
Tom said he'll come tomorrow.
Don't go to university just because it's what you're supposed to do.
Can you make sure that Tom is OK?
He could really use some fun.
She got tired of waiting for him, so she went into the museum without him.
Three fourths of the earth's surface is covered with water.
I was in a good mood.
How long have you been watching me?
After having experienced many failed relationships, Tom finally met Mary.
I'm the only one in my family who has gone to college.
Sami saw Layla fidgeting with her bookbag.
Gunter went to pick Amelia up.
Shouldn't we go now?
Ziri stalked Rima online.
I know Tom knew why Mary was planning to do that.
When the apostle Paul wrote about destroying God's temple, he had a lot of history running through his mind.
Gunter soon found himself jailed for a text.
Tell Tom I'll prune the trees.
Some people say he was murdered, others say he killed himself.
Mary is an attractive young woman.
That's just basic science.
I'm just trying to be neighborly.
Be careful! The spider is very venomous!
You had to ruin the moment, didn't you?
Do you really think Tom is intrigued?
There is ivy on the wall.
What will happen to our children if nuclear war breaks out?
It later turned out to be entirely made up.
I can't wait to go hunting with Tom.
I was told not to park here anymore.
I think we shouldn't let Tom play with Mary anymore.
He insisted that the mother gave up.
She came to rescue him.
Just exactly what is the problem?
Tom likes to stay home and read books on weekends.
Crocodiles and alligators are reptiles.
My nose really started to itch so bad.
Mr Wood loved Linda dearly.
We didn't domesticate cats; cats domesticated us.
It had nothing to do with this.
The scientists placed wires on the dogs' heads to measure electrical activity in the brain.
I almost never call Tom.
Tom was in his room all afternoon, playing games.
Mary told Tom why she enjoyed doing that.
The giraffes coalesced into a massive herd.
She's a good actress and she's beautiful.
Tom didn't mention the group by name.
He intervened in the conflict between the two sides.
She's a lot taller than her father.
Both Tom and I are members of that club.
Taste buds are very useful.
Tom and Mary will have to take better care of themselves.
We liked rather well-done sausages the most.
Excuse me for not having answered your letter sooner.
Ziri and Rima entered the school.
Stop making a martyr of yourself.
Sleep's the best thing for him.
I fancied that, if one really knew him well, one could have a deep affection for him.
Tom let Mary come in.
Tom wasn't late after all.
The situation is getting worse by the hour.
You shouldn't do that by yourself.
Tom seems to be a nice guy.
Tom was upset because nobody thanked him.
I don't know the reason why Tom was late.
How could I have been so wrong?
"You don't mind, do you?" "Of course I don't."
Why are you asking me these questions?
Even a child knows right from wrong.
I want that report on my desk in one hour.
If I told you what to do, would you do it?
I'd like to help Tom prove it.
Honey comes from bees.
Summer came, and it got really hot.
Do you like Mozart?
Tom is now staying in Boston.
It's started to grate on many of us.
At least let me buy you a drink.
Sami didn't call me back.
I wasn't planning to do that.
Speak French whenever you can.
Sami was officially hired by the church to work in the nursery.
Flavio crawled through a small tunnel.
Tom rolled up his sleeves.
I suspect that Tom isn't in Australia.
She's a vegan, isn't she?
They said that they were angry.
Would you sign an autograph?
She told me that she's puzzled.
I don't think that Tom ought to have done that.
Tom left after breakfast.
There are lights underwater.
Mary is a girl.
One of your brake lights is burned out.
You're a very smart guy.
I don't really want to walk home in the rain.
You can't go against your own destiny in your life path.
He's alive, isn't he?
Fear paralyzes the people.
Did you know Tom saw you yesterday in the park with Mary?
I want to scream.
It was Tom who discovered the crime scene.
Tom heated water on the wood-burning stove.
Mary tried to convince Tom to come back, but he was intransigent.
This is illegal in the European Union.
Ziri is gonna be a great father.
Tom said that Mary has always lived in Boston.
We're going to name the dog Cookie.
Tom said he didn't think Mary did that on purpose.
They said that they were very confident.
He is learning four languages simultaneously.
Muslims believe in the day of reckoning.
You're the prettiest thing I've seen in my life.
You don't have to feel bad for that.
How long has it been since you've had a girlfriend?
QR stands for "Quick Response."
Make good use of the little time given to you.
I've already taken care of it.
How nice that we finally get to know each other!
Are you sure it's not possible?
In each Kabyle village, a swimming pool and a culture house must be built.
Ziri spent half his life chasing after Rima.
We need to exercise more.
I love to unwind after work with this game.
I think I should tell Tom that we won't do that by ourselves.
Tom usually only wears glasses when he's reading.
I drove from Boston to Chicago.
The fire burned our house.
I'm not racist, but I vote for racist politicians with racist policy plans.
Traffic lights have three colours: red, amber and green.
I don't have Tom's phone number.
He sells candles at the market.
I only want Tom.
Little by little, he decided that Islam would be the religion for him.
Luckily, he won the championship.
Tom considered the problem carefully.
Tom said he'd rather not do that again.
He was diagnosed with a muscular disease.
The price goes up soon.
Here's a yellow rose.
My guess is that Tom is looking for you.
Tom and Mary are in the house.
Tom suddenly backed off.
Sami was paying his rent.
She tied up the parcel with string.
David broke up his engagement with Martha and left town.
Her reaction is impossible to predict.
And now what will become of us without barbarians? Those people were a kind of solution.
Is it OK for some kid to show you up?
As long as you have hope, a chance remains.
You ought to see a dentist.
He has skill in handwork.
This coffee is undrinkable.
The presents are by the Christmas tree.
She broke the tragic news to her mother.
Do you want to eat meatballs?
We still don't know why Mary didn't do what we asked her to do.
I ran into Tom the other day.
The cowboys worked together to corral the cattle.
You don't seem like you're much happier now.
Yanni touched Skura's arm.
Conventional wisdom is that this will work; however, it won't.
My English is anything but good.
Tom is a blond.
The war was coming to an end.
Akira can play tennis well.
Let me look at your rash.
Yesterday, I caught a cold.
Tom went to the park to play tennis.
You should've consulted with me.
Boris's German Shepherd slept on top of him.
The FBI questioned Tom.
Tom was a wealthy man before he got married.
Rima was the daughter of the deputy mayor.
We're not all Canadians.
Mary said she'd do that for Tom this time.
Get your hankies ready.
Conversations between people who've had, or are having, struggles in life are deep and interesting.
The microphone is switched on.
Stray dogs used to be a common nightly problem in Algiers.
It's a very historic building.
Tom doesn't seem to be hungry.
I was alone that night, making noises to trick you, that's all!
Tom doesn't think Mary will do that for John.
I like a good crime novel, especially procedurals.
Tom doesn't remember anything about his father.
I think that belongs to me.
This is illegal, you know.
You might also like this book.
Two five-year-olds in Russia escaped through a self-dug tunnel from their kindergarten - and then tried to buy a jaguar.
Add the sugar and cinnamon to the cooked apples.
Boldi managed to bring that fish from Algeria.
Do you enjoy working here?
Tom had no idea about that.
How would we go about doing that?
Your mother was at home.
Which way will you go to your house?
I talk to God but the sky is empty.
Mary wants her umbrella back.
I'll do your shopping, clean up the house, and cook your dinner for you.
Tom pointed at us.
Cats protect me from the shadow people.
Tom must be really strong.
What do you need to remove a windshield wiper scratch?
He could hear her say that.
Tom didn't commit those crimes.
Ziri agreed with that.
The wind blew strongly.
Tom wants the same thing Mary wants.
They thought that they had to study French.
I should've been the last one to do that.
Tom said that he felt he had to do that.
If you're going to translate this sentence, make sure you use informal pronouns and conjugations.
According to the newspapers, it'll snow tomorrow.
Have you ever actually seen Tom in Boston?
It's been quite a struggle to get this far.
That beautiful woman is of Vietnamese race.
Tom knew that I was distracted.
I liked the shape of it.
When I got home, I was very hungry.
I saw something moving.
You don't have to wait for Tom. He isn't coming.
I was just wondering how you guys ever got talking about this topic.
Mary was convinced that Tom no longer loved her.
What you want to ignite in others has to be burning within yourself.
I knew we'd find them.
Don't fumble with anything during an interview.
I'll show you that I am right.
It has come to my ears that he will not be long in this country.
Do you really think I was fooled?
Ziri repelled any attacks from Walid.
She isn't a doctor; she's a doctor's wife.
Mary chewed on her nails.
If it isn't on Tatoeba, it isn't a sentence.
This house is yours.
Tom was fired for being late.
Mennad was assigned to a new hospital.
Go away. I don't want to talk to you.
It's hard to tell whether it's going to rain or not.
I knew Tom would be confused by your explanation.
Tom fell asleep on the train.
Exposure to forests boosts our immune system.
They think they're stronger than me.
In the center of the university campus stands the statue of the founder.
No two days are alike.
I think Tom is contented.
Are you sure it was Tom who taught Mary how to do that?
We keep having to repeat ourselves.
Tom sent Mary out to look for John.
Everyone wanted us to do that.
I won't be able to visit you anymore.
My ex-husband has been calling.
Sami didn't try to hit Layla back.
How many pairs of white socks do you have?
The missile was carried horizontally, erected by the truck itself, and launched immediately.
It would've been cheap to do that.
Sami was still in his prison uniform.
What are you going to major in?
A white boat came into sight.
All of my strength gave out.
I would like to see it again.
I don't think it's an emergency, but it could become one.
Do you realize how much trouble you've caused?
These horses are Tom's.
Who gave you so much money?
Money isn't the only thing that matters.
Ziri will make you love this.
You will have to work all day on it.
Don't tell me to calm down.
I'm really happy Tom was able to be here.
The mom whose daughters won the competition joined our political party.
The wicked witch cast an evil spell on the man and turned him into an insect.
The first step to correcting a mistake is patience.
Tom knows better than to go out alone after dark.
Martino immediately got defensive.
She was doing this to annoy the teacher.
Tom said that he knew that he might not have to do that.
The hypnotist made Tom cluck like a chicken.
Crossrail is one of Europe's largest infrastructure construction projects.
There is no compromise on it.
She has a cough, she coughs every morning.
How did I do?
Even the apartment buildings were the same as they used to be.
I was having a psychotic break.
When I hear this song, I cry.
Tom is a jedi.
It has been very fine since then.
Everybody would like to believe that dreams can come true.
This castle is made out of wood.
Tobias saw a hand sticking out from behind the bed.
Layla was just trying the hijab on.
This might seem insurmountable.
Big Ben's clock is an English icon.
Tom isn't as shy as he used to be, is he?
My laptop battery doesn't last as long as it used to.
I want to see my parents.
I don't know whether I have time to do that.
There isn't enough soup for everyone.
If you win, you are in the right, but if you lose, you are in the wrong.
I'd love to do it.
Tom is closing the gate.
It's a public safety issue.
Can you give me a haircut?
What does she know about it?
Tom was reading the newspaper when Mary walked in.
She's going to upload a new video.
I swear I didn't see you.
Chandra means "moon" in Sanskrit.
On our team, Ziri will learn what he's made of.
Tom never fired a shot.
Does your wife know?
I will do my best to help her.
I'm sure you're right.
Ziri hit Rima on the head with a pole.
It's a baldfaced lie.
Both Tom and Mary are coming over for lunch.
You guys abandoned me!
Read the Buddhist article "Making Your Mind an Ocean."
Ivan started roaming around.
Teo is always joking around with his sister.
He switched off his light.
Tom has to make up his own mind.
I will go out to the city tomorrow.
Tom reached out his hand.
He turned and stared at her.
The table isn't clean.
The question now is how.
He doesn't need to wash the car.
I always enjoy hearing you sing.
I'm going to play tennis.
Learning the Latin language is not as difficult as one might think.
She didn't display any type of emotion.
Tom and Mary are both very devoted parents.
Were you here the day Tom got injured?
Move the chair, please. It's in the way.
Tom didn't seem to be willing to tell us what had happened.
Algeria will no longer be a bureaucrat's paradise.
I think Tom could end up being fired.
I like the bright colours.
Tom had no idea what to do.
Tom likes playing practical jokes on people.
Newspapers did not report that news.
To bake a cake, you don't need a rolling pin.
She took the key out of her pocket.
Bring your mom to the party.
Does Tom think he can do it?
She usually keeps to herself.
I train almost every day.
The forum looks lethargic; maybe it's your diet.
Why don't we get a taxi?
Go ahead. I'll meet you downstairs.
This hall isn't a movie theater, but you can project a movie in here.
He was vacationing in Kabylie, Algeria.
The atomic bomb could explode at any moment.
Fornication is forbidden in many religions.
Lukas has gone crazy.
Layla was feeling a bit unusual.
We were washing up.
The teacher made fun of me.
Didn't anybody tell you that you didn't have to be here today?
It'll probably take you more than three hours to finish doing that.
Vladimir heard the sound of a gunshot in the background.
It's a pity that you can't buy miracles like you would buy potatoes.
I asked Tom if he liked Chinese food.
What in the world does Tom see in Mary?
Tom has different priorities than me.
I don't think Tom and Mary are very lucky.
We were afraid we might hurt him.
I'm getting pretty good at playing the saxophone.
There are a lot of things that Tom hasn't seen yet.
You were planning to take pictures, weren't you?
Tom wasn't able to help me.
Ziri had a pretty large heart attack.
I shouldn't tell Tom about what Mary did.
Monday is Tom's thirtieth birthday.
Tell them to leave me alone.
I didn't come all the way from Australia just to do this.
Tom and Mary danced all night.
They didn't know what to do first.
I am sorry about this.
Mom is really annoyed by the sound of Dad sipping tea.
Tom wasn't very prepared.
You had better not walk around in such a place.
It's the first time I've done anything like this.
She was scolded by her mother for forgetting to turn off the light when she left the house.
He had to go to Kabylie to shoot a video.
"What's the matter?" "I can't find my keys." "Which ones?" "My bicycle ones."
He didn't steal it from you.
Latin Americans are tired of seeing their countries serve as America's backyard.
Spilled juice or drinks should be wiped up promptly to prevent sticky spots.
I have some things I want to do.
He's always leaving his keys somewhere.
Tom seemed to be heartbroken.
Hey, Karen, what’s wrong? Was the manager sick today?
Tom has been my boss for three years.
Tom's ax is sharper than mine.
I just got here yesterday.
She came in quietly so she wouldn't wake up the baby.
You're too young to be dating.
I've never been able to snap my fingers.
He gave an expeditious answer to an inquiry.
Let's just admit that we're wrong.
A horse can run very fast.
Please don't speak to me.
I can't get that thought out of my head.
Do you approve of what Tom is doing?
We need to wash our faces.
We need to come up with a way to fix this problem.
Heather is an important food source for both sheep and deer.
The matrix consisted of five rows and seven columns.
There he is, praying.
It turns out you were the one who locked the door.
Sit here and get yourself warm.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been seeing a psychiatrist.
You left the window open.
The textbook shows the meaning of each individual word with a picture.
How was your family reunion?
Mary works as a cleaning lady in a restaurant.
Yes, it's true, but he doesn't need to know that.
My car got scratched.
You never told me you had these.
The matter does not concern me.
Fadil was in love with his new car.
This couch is not comfortable.
They squeezed the medlars.
My truck has been stolen.
I hope we find it.
I can take care of that immediately.
Tom and Mary have been trying to reach you.
Probably she tried to set you against her friends.
It looks like the tear gas did the job.
Is there an ATM close by?
It's illegal to do that.
Does Algeria still produce automobiles?
Tom hasn't yet answered any of my questions.
He said he was too weak to do that.
Tom and I eat lunch together.
He told everybody he was bored.
The centerpiece that Mark created for Jessica's party was a work of art.
It's a brilliant move.
I was three meters behind Tom.
Sami didn't have a key card to the gym.
You just never give up, do you?
I don't think I'll be able to do what I wanted to do today.
This gorgeous mosque is a landmark in Algiers.
What is the number of seats on this plane?
I wish you'd behave yourself.
It's very difficult to prove arson.
Sami had a chocolate donut.
If that's what she said, then she was lying.
Tom gave police a firsthand account of what had happened.
Yanni got attached to Skura too quickly.
She told me that she felt seasick.
Sami wanted to impress his parents.
Why can't you ask them for forgiveness?
I'm quite willing to do that.
What should be our next step?
She decided not to contest the charges in court.
He shared his personal experience with all of us.
I didn't go to school today.
Careful! There's a pothole on the road.
Karl stole some of his father’s tools.
There are an infinitude of ways you can braid your hair.
Your comments made Tom laugh.
If you're busy, I can do that for you.
Sami didn't let Layla see that book.
I have to buy Tom a gift.
Sami started having trouble with drugs.
I didn't like him much, in fact I hated him.
What is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.
Tom's hands are behind his back.
The king had great difficulty giving speeches because of a severe speech impediment.
Now this is something else!
Ivan continued his plan to steal the jewelry.
Tom and Mary said they were going to work.
My dream is to become a physicist.
Please be sure to do that.
I don't think Tom is barefoot.
You're almost right, but not quite.
Who is it about?
In Algeria, there are a lot of grievances at the local level.
Give a thing and take a thing is the devil's gold ring.
Are you going to do anything special for Christmas?
Jorge waited an hour at customs.
She backed her car into a tree.
Tom and Mary were doing that wrong.
That doesn't give you grounds for complaining.
Why did you shut the gate?
If I'm not mistaken, the problem is we are out of gas.
Felix saw a truck pull up next to him.
We had a good time. Then Tom came, and ruined everything.
She'd never been so frightened.
I don't know where my hamster is at.
You will need a lawyer.
Tom is just a little bit shorter than you.
What film did you see?
I suggest that you don't stay in Australia any longer than you have to.
Everyone knows that he's still alive.
I'm not too hungry.
They have a house.
He was crowned with eternal victory.
Where are you going to vacation this summer?
Robert's car was still meowing insanely.
I'm going to see them again.
I made a speech.
Sami was preparing for another concert.
Three of the neighbour's hens have been stolen.
Maybe you're doing that wrong.
She jumped out of bed.
I left it in an empty cardboard box.
Tom has already been told several times not to do that.
I want you to know that I meant every word I said.
Tom told me that he wanted to change his name.
Is it possible that I'm wrong?
The leader of the pack is mad when he doesn't get his own way.
Sami is a complete asshole.
The zombie's breath smelt of decay.
Where's my younger sister?
Children need models more than critics.
How much do you usually spend when you eat out?
Tom dated Mary before he dated Alice.
Don't tell Tom who did this.
I'm going to nip into the post office on the way home.
He doesn't eat linseed rolls because he's allergic to linseeds.
I told her I was married.
Mary is eating ice cream.
He doesn't dare to say a thing.
Does Tom have a weapon?
My mum's mum is my nan.
Tom likes the sound of Mary's voice.
I invited twelve people to my party, but one person could not come.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still busy.
Within a month of going abroad, he became sick.
I'm tired. It's been a long day.
Do you know where the zoo is?
Why didn't you get one before we left?
All I have to do tomorrow is written on the paper.
Sports keep us in good shape.
Many on-line companies need to have a new approach to business to survive.
Sami told cops a complete fake story.
Everybody is here except Tom.
You know how it works, don't you?
I come back here every now and then.
Would you lend me your pen?
I will return everything soon.
Tom said he's only tried it once.
You aren't supposed to do that, are you?
Originally, French was slang.
The dentist said Tom needs braces.
Tom was silent the whole time.
Can I just state for the record that this is a bad idea?
He has a high batting average.
You should call her.
Sami wanted something in return.
I'm confident that Tom will do what he says he'll do.
Gulls flew over the sea.
Tom is rich, but not me.
This model can be combined with any color.
They paid the check.
This is where Tom injured himself.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be absent.
Sacrifices are evil spirits.
I realize that it's probably too late.
Tom and Mary look like they're bored.
I just want to put it all behind me.
She was hopeful for a solution.
My leg is broken. I can't move.
You must turn the faucet counterclockwise to open it.
I wasn't sure either.
Tom said that Mary didn't look happy.
Tom works at a nuclear plant.
Have you seen the second episode?
It's good you were able to go to Boston with Tom.
Ask them to wait till I come.
They hauled everything in large bags.
Tom altered his plans.
Mary was worried that she'd get lost.
Leonid and Rima took a photo together.
Tom told me he doesn't know what he needs to do.
He clearly wanted to kiss me.
I don't know where they hid the key.
It was all more and more surprising.
Tom told me that he felt hungry.
I don't like to watch tv.
What is your aim with these placards?
I have no doubt that Tom will do that.
Tom is a pillar of the community.
Has that really got to be done?
Ziri was crazy about Rima.
I'm glad Tom and Mary weren't injured.
What does it look like to you?
The internet is full of trolls.
One of you has not told the truth.
Can you turn on the lights? It's really dark in here.
Sami didn't do any transaction with Layla.
I hope Tom doesn't come back.
Tom tried to do it, but he couldn't.
I'm not interested in that.
He wanted to be friends with her.
That hasn't been proven.
Tom has begun writing another book.
I don't give a shit what "indifference" means.
I would like to emphasize this.
You know as well as I do that Tom was the one who did that.
Have you ever done something stupid?
Your ideas are quite old fashioned.
Tom cleaned out his closet yesterday.
I'd like to leave my suitcase here.
Tom said Mary was likely to be mistaken.
I'm not done watching it.
Tom must've seen Mary there.
How's your sister today?
We're now in February.
Ziri loves Rima's purple heather.
There wasn't a second to lose.
Tom and Mary have lost their hearing.
Michael was grounded for four days.
A group of friends is coming to the party.
Think about how Tom feels.
Can you answer that?
Claudio dragged the spruce tree to his truck.
Tom told me Mary was dead.
Yanni found so many figs on the ground.
That pizza looks delicious.
Sometimes I wonder what might have been.
Rumors spread that the forger had bribed the guards at the palisade with expertly faked coins, buying himself safe passage.
The medical examiner reported that the cause of death was a homicide.
Please tell Tom it's important.
I don't live within Boston city limits.
Nobody can run as fast as Tom.
Diabetes has affected me.
I'm fed the fuck up with chatbots. Nothing can be done.
I was hoping you could do it.
She spent Christmas with her family.
I dream of a world where everyone can be themselves.
Why is Tom just standing there?
They said they felt lucky.
I don't know when she will leave for London.
I don't care how much money you have.
Are Tom and Mary jealous?
I've been asked to help you.
Sami knew that Layla was with Farid.
I prefer to go to bed early.
I think Tom is old.
I'm still at my office.
Why doesn't Tom make dinner for me anymore?
Eat your heart out, Tom. Mary is coming with me.
He promised he would land the plane safely.
I'll need all the help I can get.
Mary says she's too old to start over.
Breathe in. Now, breathe out.
Her chest is swelling with pride.
We're going dancing tonight.
Tom didn't seem surprised Mary had a motorcycle.
He was trapped inside the cabin.
What good would come of it?
Do you want to watch this movie again?
Daniel was out for blood.
He ran down the stairs after her.
Tom is old, but he's young at heart.
"Quantum Leap" was such a great show!
Do you remember if Tom did that?
What'll become of me?
Yanni was sitting on his bed.
I want to suffer.
I'll finish reading this novel soon.
He gave him a dressing-down.
Phoenician and Ancient Hebrew were practically the same language.
Kindness is the universal language that everyone understands.
Who drove Sami's pick-up truck?
She tried to argue with him.
He scratched his name off the list.
Tom realized there was no way he'd be able to do that by himself.
Short hair looks better on you.
Sami's dreams began to disintegrate.
He is in bad health because he walked in the rain.
Several people have noticed this problem.
The boss strolled around the balcony above the office, observing the workers.
If he should come in my absence, please ask him to wait until I come back.
Sami and Layla shared an apartment together.
He kissed the tip of my nose.
Our milk speaks Piedmontese.
I don't read a lot of books.
"Did you see it?" "See what?"
Paul tried to pretend he didn't see Amelia.
Sleeping alone was something Ziri wasn't used to.
Sami was watching the door.
We can't leave them behind.
Tom should've never tried to do that.
Where is it then?
What is your secret?
He doesn't want to talk to me now, and I don't know why.
Tom said Mary is unbiased.
Yanni greeted Skura's boyfriend.
They didn't really like their jobs.
Yanni was staring straight at Skura.
Layla loves having pink hair.
He took a step backwards.
I see. That's certainly a useful feature.
Tom thought Mary wasn't going to pass the exam.
Our city is rather small in comparison with Tokyo.
I was wearing a shirt.
Please promise me that you won't do that again.
If you need more information, we are happy to send it.
Tom is a very smart guy.
Ziri's barbecue is burning.
I know that you miss me as well.
Don't you love me?
Benedito got thrown out of the van.
The sea hums with life.
Tom got the timing wrong.
She doesn't know anyone there, though.
Tom squats in an abandoned library.
Mary, love! Wake up!
Fyodor started to rummage through Anna's things, throwing her belongings throughout the tent.
Hercules killed both serpents.
Tom and Mary said they weren't in good enough shape to do that.
What do you want such an old car for?
Do what you want to do.
Tom told me that you'd done that.
I can give it a try. I can't lose anything.
The crowd yelled when he scored a goal.
How did he come to us?
Is he your husband?
Tom tried on the coat, but it wasn't big enough.
There was a drought last year because it hadn't rained for a long time.
You were too young to remember.
There's nothing to be done about it.
Sami was waiting for his manager.
I'm not worried about money.
Mary is just being polite, isn't she?
She said that she won.
A friend dropped me off.
Don't make fun of foreigners.
Tom and I will go.
We'll have to do this quickly.
I phoned him yesterday.
Tom is more intelligent than most people think he is.
They don't have the time.
Tom is on his way back to the office.
I'd hate myself if I did that.
I remember the day I met you.
I saw Tom limping down the street.
I don't know how to fix this.
I don't think Tom was married at that time.
That's not good enough for us.
I didn't know that Mary was Tom's girlfriend.
I want the details.
Tom has a natural talent for music.
It's a very allegoric description.
Tom and Mary told me why they wanted to study French.
Tobias got up to close the door.
What are Tom and Mary supposed to do?
Tom said that he heard Mary and John arguing.
Ziri had the apartment cleaned up.
I thought that Tom was going to join us tonight.
The ancient Egyptians believed that the Sun was the eye of the god Ra.
Algeria needs to pursue greater economic independence.
Wet wood produces more smoke than warmth.
That is exactly what I wanted to say.
What little guidance I had I owe to a young man.
It exceeded my expectations.
I really, really need to show you something.
I suspect that Tom won't do that for me.
Why can't we do it?
They went there together.
Ziri and Rima drank some water.
I don't understand what Tom is doing here.
I didn't know Tom needed to do that yesterday.
He thinks that he could win.
Please stay in line.
Tom will be worried sick.
He used to be an imaginative boy.
Tom and I spoke French to each other.
They look like they're up to no good.
A female giraffe would do anything to protect its calf.
Tom will be able to solve the problem, I think.
I have a lot to do right now.
I've already written to him.
What other things do you need?
Tom freed the bird.
Here's the question: Which sport is a target-based accuracy competition and is also an Olympic event?
I don't have time to come visit you.
They'll do their utmost.
Tomorrow there will not be classes.
I'll get her to help you.
Tom takes the trash out every day at six o'clock.
The boys are in the pool.
I think Tom stayed at his uncle's last summer.
I'll give you time to think it over.
We went to bed before midnight.
The cashier was a very honest man.
I write poetry in my leisure time.
He's bringing his show back.
Don't stare at me.
He is in the House.
I didn't know you could cook this well.
One who works alone adds; those who work together multiply.
Tom said that Mary was going to be very late.
Tom found comfort in the silence.
His efforts achieved nothing.
Have you bought the tires?
I'm still here in Boston.
Rima was clinging onto Ziri's arm.
Do you really think Tom is cold?
There's one thing I need to do before I can leave.
The person entering the store is my younger sister.
Mary said she didn't want me to worry about that.
You should be able to manage it.
I see your pen.
The liver is no longer functioning.
Why the change of tone?
We spent the whole afternoon discussing that problem.
I didn't know that Tom had decided to move to Boston.
I've never heard of it.
A band of rebels hunted the slaver through the haunted marshes.
The subway is closed.
I really want to see Tom today.
Yanni is the boss.
Benedito's research involves studying the impact of pollutants on human health.
He loved his children dearly.
When was the last time you heard Tom speaking French?
He was censored by a bunch of idiots.
Tom wasn't in the car.
The Palestinians are depicted as the people who refuse peace.
She's a third grader, isn't she?
Everyone at the school found out that Ziri's parents were so poor.
Tom said it belonged to Mary.
If you don't like something, say so.
Algerians should be more environmentally aware.
Mary is the tallest girl in her class.
Tom told everyone he was the one who had done that.
I wouldn't rule anything out.
Do you have a Japanese magazine?
Tom doesn't like talking with Mary.
I bid you greetings and may there be peace through fellowship between us.
Yanni had a moustache.
She felt uneasy when the children did not come home.
Crying doesn't make you right.
Sami worked at the cash register.
He lived just down the road from her.
Mr Yamada is in charge of the personnel section.
Tom said that I didn't look sober.
No matter how hard Tom tried, he couldn't forget Mary.
Tom probably doesn't know how to get a hold of me.
He speaks only English and German, neither of which I understand.
They say they're feeling OK.
I still don't have money.
Are you Sami's daughter?
I feel as if I were another person.
Tom has noise-canceling headphones.
Tom said that he thought Mary was in her bedroom studying.
Your wife may be more understanding than you think.
Why doesn't Tom need to do that?
Rain washes the sidewalks.
Tom was doing his job.
Tom said that he thought we shouldn't go to Mary's party.
Let's just think about it.
We're all on the same team.
Damiano grabbed the gun in mid-air.
The plant location was chosen inland to protect against Zeppelin attacks.
People are at least four times as likely to regret having children as they are to regret gender-affirming surgeries.
The baby cried on and off all night.
Do you really think that's true?
I wasn't the one who was singing.
Yes, this sentence is correct.
Do you smoke weed?
Sonia had a very amused look on her face.
I happened to be moving from one city to the other.
Let's give the book to whoever wants it.
Tom was serious, but Mary wasn't.
Yanni wore safety glasses to fix the bullseye in his windshield.
It'll no doubt rain.
How far is your house from your school?
Yanni was pumping gas.
What did Tom tell Mary about John?
Why don't you just mind your damn business instead of poking your nose into mine?
Tobias kept playing his video game.
Idle hands are the Internet's workshop.
As the sun rises, the morning mist gradually fades away.
That would be amazing.
Sami converted to Islam a few weeks later.
I don't think Tom is desperate to do that.
Tom isn't much better today.
There aren't any problems.
Give Tom a call and tell him what time you'll be there.
Yanni heard the kids screaming in fear.
Tom and Mary kept their marriage a secret.
Tom and Mary are fortunate to be here.
Ziri forgot Rima's birthday.
Tom isn't going to be able to help us paint the garage today.
Didn't you know that Tom was going to do that?
I find your work to be very interesting.
Let's do someone a favor.
It's so dark that I can't see a damn thing.
I thought you said you didn't want to do that.
Please tell us more.
I may still go to Boston.
You know that that's impossible.
Swimming in a deep river is dangerous.
I'd never do that to you.
I opened the trunk.
You should be a model.
My place is here.
And now let's speak about nothing.
When does Tom expect us to help him?
Tom and Mary don't go to school yet.
You don't know Tom the way I do.
What's past is past.
Mary admitted it was her fault.
Anything you say can and will be used against you.
That doesn't give you license to do as you please.
Yanni pled guilty for first degree murder and received life.
Tom and Mary probably know a lot more than they told us.
Drink your coffee before it gets cold.
I don't shave every day.
Fyodor finds dung beetles so cute.
Have you got a holiday booked?
The patient stayed in bed.
Of course, I kept my promise.
She meant exactly what she said.
We were waiting with bated breath.
Mary took maternity leave.
Live a long and prosperous life.
Don't mention that to Tom.
He has a good look.
The rock they found in the cave weighs almost two hundred kilograms.
It has been just a week since I arrived in New York.
That's not in my price range.
I hate you because you made me suffer.
Doing that was ridiculously easy.
He did forty hours of community service cleaning toilets in a local school.
Do you want french fries with that?
Are you going to go with Tom?
You won't have to do that by yourselves.
The cop tried to catch Ziri.
Tom isn't very happy.
The tetanus shot hurt more than the dog bite.
I had no idea Tom would quit.
Did you hear that Tom was in the hospital?
I don't think that happened the way Tom said it did.
They never felt sorry for themselves.
I don't think that Tom has time today to do everything he needs to do.
It is already too late.
They shouldn't go out.
Ziri came up with an insidious idea.
I was tired from watching TV.
What's the real reason you don't want to go to Boston?
Is there anybody out there?
My problem is I don't trust you.
We stood face to face.
This is the last one, I promise.
I thought that it would be easy to do that.
Tom slowly turned the knob and opened the door.
Tom is probably not going to be grouchy all day.
Tom is clever, isn't he?
Would Tom be able to help Mary?
They let me know they could do that.
Sami doesn't know where Layla is now.
What language do you usually use when talking with Tom?
Tom has two siblings.
Tom said that he hopes to continue working here.
It was too sweet!
Tom lives alone with his parents.
They look like they're lost.
I don't think that Tom will go to Australia next weekend.
Tom adjusted his schedule.
My journal was stolen.
He's right-wing in the extreme.
They're doing their best not to cry.
We're flying from Boston to Chicago.
Tom warned Mary that John would try to borrow money from her.
Did you explain the situation to Tom?
She shared her insights.
Tom said that I was being too vague.
Tom didn't do what you said he did.
John was horrified as well.
Does Tom need to go?
Is that what I was saying?
I may look delicate, but I'm not a china doll.
What's the temperature in Boston?
I'm still working in Boston.
I really don't want to hurt you.
We admired the beautiful sunset.
Karl used to live in a rough neighborhood when he was fourteen.
Ziri is a native Berber speaker.
Sami brutally attacked Layla.
We let in a few too many chances.
Her audience is pin-drop attentive at all times.
It took me a long time to realize I was doing it the wrong way.
Tom is already a little nervous.
Mary said she wants her money back.
I knew you'd agree to do that.
He regained his health.
Why are you always so cold?
He told me he was unafraid.
What do you know of Professor Challenger?
Tom did what he felt like doing.
I will invite the neighbors to the party.
I was afraid that you were going to say that.
Kalman spent the rest of his life living in a cave.
We both know it's too late.
Santiago did not make it.
I know who we're dealing with.
She needed to have more.
I won't get home until Monday.
Yeah, that felt wrong actually.
Can you turn the volume down?
Why haven't we heard about this before now?
We're not supposed to be here.
What Yanni told Skura was completely inappropriate to talk about.
I hoped Tom wouldn't notice me.
Tom is going to Boston to spend a few days with Mary.
Yanni was nearing the three-way intersection.
Sami's ponytail wasn't that long.
I thought I heard a car drive up outside.
Tom is a very impressionable person.
Tom isn't welcome in this house.
Ziri said that quietly.
I don't know what the answer is.
I heard in the movie "The Paperboy": "I'm going to retire." "You're not tired yet. How can you retire?"
Yanni and Skura are talking.
I’m trying not to think about Tom anymore.
Tell me about the most interesting person you’ve ever met.
Did you make that up?
I want you to look out for yourself.
Tom is a pretty good farmer.
Both you and I must take care of the dog.
Some foods make you thirsty.
You never seem to be very happy.
Tom and Mary said that they did nothing wrong.
Sami doesn't like confrontation.
A house divided against itself can't stand.
I wonder whether or not Tom would help us.
I'll stay here until tomorrow.
Digital Marketing Courses in Pune with Placement Support
Why don't you go watch TV while I cook dinner?
The sooner you give up smoking, the greater the benefits.
While all horses are animals, not all animals are horses.
We go to the seashore in the summer.
This is the most interesting novel I've ever read.
Everything is known ahead of time.
I kissed Tom once.
The elderly person died in her room.
Many of Britain's inhabitants were sailors and farmers.
He is clumsy with his movements.
There are so many dictionaries, they take up two shelves.
Tom didn't want to share.
Tell her it's not my fault.
Did Tom tell you he was having money problems?
A lot of people only speak English.
Tom worked overtime every day last week.
This monkey wants a banana.
What even is anything?
Tom plans to keep working.
Tom put the cans of beans on the shelf.
Who did you choose?
He was a bit puzzled by her behavior.
He was absorbed in reading.
Please hand your papers in now.
Is this glass dirty?
Tell Tom to bring his guitar.
You're giving me the creeps.
I forgot to put the lid on the pot.
I seem to have a temperature.
Tom ate his vegetables.
The man is making a telephone call.
At first, everyone was convinced of his innocence.
I said shut up!
You feel contempt for one another.
The longest word using only vowels is "euouae".
I can't just leave my family behind like that.
Tom asked Mary to reconsider her decision.
Have you seen the new car that Tom bought?
Everything I did was incorrect.
It is rude to point at people.
I've learnt a lot from her.
You should knock before entering through the door.
Sami doesn't have a bank account.
What happens when we find Tom?
Everything's fresh and new.
I think you've learned your lesson.
They were sentenced to death.
His presence at the scientific conference was completely fortuitous, as he was in town for other reasons.
You're so beautiful you made me forget my pick up line.
I was forced to take my medicine.
This rule is often ignored.
A dog is guarding the house.
Tom threw it in the trash.
Everything in Yuri's mansion looked pompous and expensive.
Tom ratted out his comrades.
I'm extremely depressed lately.
I used to know where Tom lived, but I've forgotten.
That's not an answer.
This acid is extremely important in the industry and the laboratory.
David accidentally saw his reflection in the mirror and froze up.
I know that Tom is a divorce lawyer.
Apparently, Tom wasn't injured.
Tom contacted the police.
Tom is going to do that today as well.
He lives near the tube station.
I'm not waiting for ever.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't waiting for us.
We don't need to attend that meeting.
She embraces change fearlessly.
His house is easy to find.
Brown himself did not want to escape.
This man loved you for your wealth.
Tom and Mary look like they're anxious.
If there is no water, there won't be life.
A decision has to be made by the twentieth.
He likes this concert.
He did what others his age do.
I love my family so much.
It's to your left.
The Sun shines bright in the sky.
Tom did things that I never thought he'd do.
She peeled a lot of potatoes.
Tell her to mind her own business.
They were very amused.
Tom really has no other option.
Tom said that he isn't going to eat until Mary gets home.
Yanni likes Algerian traditional food.
That's the answer to your question.
Sami's dog is not there.
He said he's not sleepy yet.
They said that they didn't work on Mondays.
What does this word mean exactly?
We slept in a makeshift hut made from old wooden boards.
It might be a good idea to check at the counter.
That's not the only reason why I want to stay here.
Robert won many marathons.
Why's Tom smiling at us?
I know Tom doesn't know anybody who does that.
How is Tom traveling?
How did you get home yesterday?
That's what I thought in the first place.
I would like to get a feel for your rapport with the customer.
I don't know those answers.
I'm wide awake now.
Yuri boldly walked further into the dark corridor.
Its surface was as flat as a mirror.
Mary pretended she didn't know what was going on.
If anything can be done in America, it can be done in New York.
Yanni wants to go back to his uni dorm.
What subjects do you like best?
Tom is always kind to other people.
Tom said he didn't ever win when he played badminton.
Tom said that he thought Mary would forget to do that.
Please, come in and sit down.
We both know Tom did that.
Felix kicked Sandra's sand castles all down.
Sami and Layla's separation hasn't been easy.
Who organized that meeting?
I'm a big fan.
Maybe I don't have a choice.
Nobody knew it was Tom who did that.
It won't be possible to continue doing this.
Tom is more famous than you.
She ran out of gas on her way here.
I bought him a drink in return for his help.
When Tom and Mary found out the truth, they were furious.
He's strong as a bull and brave as a lion.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have let their own children do that.
There's no new information yet.
Tom wasn't looking at Mary. He was looking at John.
I think it's time to stop.
She understood a sentence.
Why is everyone scared of Tom?
You just have to know who to ask.
Do you know how to use this machine?
Each of them wishes prosperity to another.
Mary is good at painting, isn't she?
Everyone in the car accident is dead.
Doing that was an act of courage.
My whole body was on fire.
Have you already told all your friends?
Tom said he wished he hadn't given Mary flowers.
Sami has got hold of a gun.
This is the man framed by the surveillance cameras.
I wanted to say more.
Sorry if I didn't understand something.
I can't answer you here and now.
I don't think I've ever been so frightened.
I think it's worth it.
Tom has a great talent for the assignment of tasks.
Please leave a message. I'll call you back.
They lied to protect themselves.
What year were you born?
He has been invited back to Algeria.
I didn't think that Tom would mind buying that for you.
"Are you sleeping, Tom?" "No, I'm just letting my eyes rest for a bit."
Tom thought that he had outsmarted everybody.
Checkers are well known in all civilized countries, but they are played in many different ways.
Tom warned Mary not to be overconfident.
Do you know who he was?
The show must go on, whatever happens.
Tom is living on his own.
She looked down at her belly.
Are you going to cut down all the trees here?
Tom was the first one to be invited.
Why didn't you respond to my text?
Peter is inside the house.
Tom and Mary aren't as tough as they seem.
The snow is already melting.
The rocket launched without any problems.
I feel bad about our misunderstanding.
It was very kind of you to lend him some money.
I don't know anyone I can speak the language with.
She was de-emphasizing the importance of her story, hiding away from the crowd.
I'm still trying to sort it all out.
Fanaticism is the highly volatile mix of narrow-mindedness and overactive imagination.
It's really sunny here.
She didn't even know how to read.
Tom ran down the stairs as fast as he could.
Why don't you do that today?
Get out from wherever you are.
I didn't think you'd enjoy it.
I will buy the books for you.
This machine was assembled by Tom.
I have no secrets from you.
I think that Tom is still tired.
I've been in Japan for three years.
I gave her money.
I continue to feel the same about you.
Mennad was so overwhelmed.
I'm more worried about Mary now.
Ziri put compost in that soil.
Lukas instantly recognized Amelia's face.
Yanni barely touched his meal.
I don't understand this question at all.
"It's free." "Libre or gratis?"
Form a line, keeping one meter away from the person in front of you.
Mary went on doing that even though we asked her to stop doing it.
Am I also a suspect?
And what’s left for us then?
I went to a general store but they wouldn't let me buy anything specific.
That may not be as easy as you think to do that.
Tom wasn't sure what to say.
They weren't in their rooms this morning.
Tom said he thought Mary would be interested.
I am not afraid of going over the bridge.
Can someone recommend to me a good dictionary suitable for beginners?
How can I get to platform number four?
We need to have this researched by a biologist.
Tom and Mary did what they felt like doing.
Tom wanted Mary to stay longer.
Mary didn't find what she was looking for.
I learnt a new word today.
On Friday morning, Algiers is virtually empty.
You should be better soon.
We offer free shipping.
He is always drunk!
Mary is going for a dexterity-based build, so she's wearing light armour.
Do you know what Tom's surname is?
I looked everywhere for answers and I found the Quran.
I knew I shouldn't have said anything.
Is there nothing else?
Yuri drove back to the center of the town.
It's your night off.
Thus dances Jean Petit.
He even referred to the origin of life.
Tom and Mary were both ambitious.
You don't snore, do you?
In the U.S., the typical mustard is very yellow.
Do you think we can start over?
Mary is biting her nails.
Mary said she didn't really expect anybody to do that.
I should get going soon.
I am remembering the word.
It would be better if Tom didn't do that by himself.
I got lost and needed to ask for directions.
I don't want Tom wandering around the mall by himself.
They didn't judge people.
I did understand you.
Tom is still struggling with that.
Tom went to the train station with Mary.
Tom found Mary an apartment not too far from where she works.
Jonas examined the weapon.
The library is pretty small.
Mary is a model.
Let's lose our souls together.
All Mary wanted was for Tom to love her as much as she loved him.
She thinks she's a good person.
